<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see http://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2009-04-16T11:32:02.64" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2018-04-16T23:34:21.970000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
	@page {  }
	table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
	td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
	h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both }
	ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
	li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
	<!-- "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue-->
	li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
	span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
	span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
	* { margin:0;}
	.P1 { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0.0835in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:page; font-weight:normal; }
	.P10_borderStart { font-size:12pt; margin-top:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; line-height:138%; text-indent:0.5in; color:#000000; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P10 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; line-height:138%; text-indent:0.5in; color:#000000; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P10_borderEnd { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; line-height:138%; text-indent:0.5in; color:#000000; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
	.P11_borderStart { font-size:12pt; margin-top:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; line-height:138%; text-indent:0.5in; color:#000000; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P11 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; line-height:138%; text-indent:0.5in; color:#000000; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P11_borderEnd { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; line-height:138%; text-indent:0.5in; color:#000000; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
	.P12 { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; line-height:138%; text-indent:0.5in; font-weight:normal; }
	.P13 { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; line-height:138%; text-indent:0.5in; }
	.P2_borderStart { font-size:12pt; margin-top:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:page; text-align:center ! important; color:#000000; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0.0835in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P2 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:page; text-align:center ! important; color:#000000; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0.0835in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P2_borderEnd { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0.0835in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:page; text-align:center ! important; color:#000000; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
	.P3_borderStart { font-size:12pt; margin-top:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; line-height:138%; color:#000000; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P3 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; line-height:138%; color:#000000; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P3_borderEnd { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; line-height:138%; color:#000000; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
	.P4_borderStart { font-size:12pt; margin-top:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; line-height:138%; color:#000000; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P4 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; line-height:138%; color:#000000; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P4_borderEnd { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; line-height:138%; color:#000000; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
	.P5_borderStart { font-size:12pt; margin-top:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; line-height:138%; color:#343434; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P5 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; line-height:138%; color:#343434; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P5_borderEnd { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; line-height:138%; color:#343434; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
	.P6 { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; line-height:138%; }
	.P7 { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0in; margin-top:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; line-height:138%; font-weight:normal; }
	.P8_borderStart { font-size:12pt; margin-top:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; line-height:138%; text-indent:0.5in; color:#343434; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P8 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; line-height:138%; text-indent:0.5in; color:#343434; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P8_borderEnd { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; line-height:138%; text-indent:0.5in; color:#343434; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
	.P9_borderStart { font-size:12pt; margin-top:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; line-height:138%; text-indent:0.5in; color:#000000; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in;  border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P9 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; line-height:138%; text-indent:0.5in; color:#000000; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-bottom:0in; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none; border-bottom-style:none; }
	.P9_borderEnd { font-size:12pt; margin-bottom:0in; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:lr-tb; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; line-height:138%; text-indent:0.5in; color:#000000; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; padding-top:0in;  border-top-style:none;}
	.Text_20_body { font-size:12pt; font-family:Times New Roman; writing-mode:page; margin-top:0in; margin-bottom:0.0835in; }
	.T1 { color:#343434; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; }
	.T10 { color:#000000; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; }
	.T11 { color:#000000; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; }
	.T12 { color:#262626; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:12pt; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; }
	.T13 { font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:12pt; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; }
	.T2 { color:#343434; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; }
	.T3 { color:#343434; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:12pt; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; }
	.T4 { color:#343434; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:12pt; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; }
	.T5 { color:#000000; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:12pt; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; }
	.T6 { color:#000000; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:12pt; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; }
	.T7 { color:#000000; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:12pt; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; }
	.T8 { color:#000000; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:12pt; font-style:italic; text-decoration:none ! important; font-weight:normal; background-color:transparent; }
	.T9 { color:#000000; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:7.19999980926514pt; font-style:normal; text-decoration:none ! important; background-color:transparent; }
	<!-- ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS -->
	.T14  { }
	</style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; "><p class="P2"><a id="docs-internal-guid-b769b4d6-d194-fc26-4808-5f2ed94127e8"/>The Manyfold Embrace</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P5_borderStart">August 17th, 2013: The Evening</p><p class="P5">My Love,</p><p class="P8">One would not think, upon entering my house, that anything could be amiss; the coats are hung neatly in the closet, shoes lined up beneath them. Books and toys are tucked away, lonely but lawful. Run a finger along the top of the television or any bookcase or out-of-the-way planter and you’ll find no trace of dust, not one mote. Everything’s orderly and desperately functional, a smile that’s all teeth. All households have troubles, however: those with gleaming counters and floors scrubbed-raw of their spots merely host troubles that run deep.</p><p class="P5">Tension knots between my shoulders as I hear the argument crescendo into shouting. A ringing nothingness saturates my senses, shattering the comforting fantasy world I’d been desperately trying to escape into. It is oppressive and suffocating, but the Void is better than reality. Its emptiness is soothing, like an endless overcast sky on a moonless night.</p><p class="P5">Mother’s screams shatter its funereal serenity, lightning and thunder imposing anxiety upon my perfect, velvet darkness. My book slips from my hands to land with a soft thwump on the thick carpet beside me. For an instant, a precious instant, my greatest worry is that I failed to mark my place. Frantic footfalls in the upstairs hall drag me struggling back to reality, and I grasp the cozy carpet pile between my fingers in a desperate effort to brace myself against the tide of inevitability; I’d gladly hold myself in this empty moment forever rather than be swept into the coming calamity, but time cares nothing for spatial anchors.</p><p class="P5_borderEnd">The sickly domestic-death-knell crunch of drywall splitting reverberates through the house as something impacts the wall upstairs, probably Mother; Sister huffs ostentatiously and shuts off the television, amplifying the symphony of violence echoing down to us.</p><p class="P6"><span class="T1">“</span><span class="T3">Are you just going to sit there?”, she asks, raising an eyebrow at my apparent catatonia. I do not reply; my voice is cowering, hidden deep inside. “Freak”, she spits, and storms out of the house to god-knows-where. She is sixteen, one year my senior, and almost as gorgeous as her soul is ugly. Nothing human could be </span><span class="T4">that</span><span class="T2"> </span><span class="T3">beautiful. Her venom means nothing to me, but when she returns, disheveled, reeking of alcohol and sex, the chaos will worsen, sharpen… Most natural systems are bounded somehow, by fuel or opposing forces or sapient mandate, but chaos cheats — there seems to be no upper limit to the violence it creates. Things can always get worse.</span></p><p class="P5_borderStart">Mother nature allows this because it serves her one and only purpose: propagation. Entropy kills all those poor life forms that fail to adapt to it, and presumably these life forms are less likely to be capable of bringing her the continuous ecstasy she demands. It follows, apparently, that they do not deserve to live. If ever there were a female deserving of the pejorative ‘cunt’, it is she.</p><p class="P5">The sound of breaking bone is a curious thing: the human ear knows it instinctively, and it spikes all the body’s emergency systems at once, even if the bone in question belongs to another. Like the sound of one’s own name in a crowded room, it pulls attention out of almost any cluster of noisome stimulation (or mental fortifications) and centers it squarely on the injury. I could tell by the cacophony upstairs that tonight’s fight was worse than most, but it was only when I heard my mother’s arm snap that I lost my apparent composure: I vomited and, panicking, fled to sanctuary.</p><p class="P5">In the basement of our house, there is a hollow behind the hot water heater and between the furnace and a load-bearing pillar of the foundation; it is a secret place, never visited except by me and totally obscured from sight. My sister, a full head taller than me, would struggle to fit back here, and certainly our parents couldn’t manage. My sanctuary is mine alone, the only part of the house that approaches home for me. It is dark, dry, soothing, and always the perfect temperature thanks to the radiant warmth of the furnace in winter and subterranean coolness in summer.</p><p class="P5">Much lives here that fears the light, and right now that description applies to me as well. I can hear cursing and shouting and sirens and doors slamming above, and I cover my ears to shut it out. This isn’t the first time my mother has been involved in an ‘accident’ and needed the emergency room, but it isn’t common enough for them to suspect abuse. Father is usually careful not to leave evidence. She’ll never tell them the truth, never cry for help, though I’m not certain why; she isn’t weak and she bears no love for my father… others might guess that she is afraid for her life, or for her daughters’ lives, but I know better: Mother gets off on the violence and hate as thoroughly as Father does.</p><p class="P5">Later tonight he’ll fuck her into oblivion, and she’ll be so hot that her ecstatic shrieking will wake the neighborhood. For me, the worst part of waking to their cavorting after these incidents is the realization that I am not repulsed by them; they should fill me with disgust and hate, but they don’t.  I think I’m too numb for such feelings now, but maybe that’s just an excuse. Instead, I feel only longing for the warmth of skin… and, loathsomely, I always take care of my need. No girl should have to know what it feels like to muffle her orgasm with a tear-stained pillow.</p><p class="P5">My night-dress has ridden up and a spider skitters along the smooth flesh of my thigh, skin that looks pale as death in the sliver of moonlight able to squeeze through the grime-coated window; it is wonderfully distracting, and I find myself willing it to quest further, deeper… but it doesn’t. Bugs are almost as clueless as boys. Perhaps the heat deters them? Bugs, I mean. I wonder, if I were a corpse and cold, would vermin, at least, want to fuck me?</p><p class="P5">There is just room enough here to curl myself into a comfortable ball for sleep. I will slumber now, Love, and dance with you in dream.</p><p class="P5">May I never wake,</p><p class="P5_borderEnd">Violet</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P7"><span class="T5">August 17</span><span class="T9">th</span><span class="T5">, 2013: The Night</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">My Love,</p><p class="P3">True night has fallen. Not the simple dark after sunset, but the deep surging tenebrous tide that encompasses the world when most humans are dead to it. The night belongs to me, and I to it. Oh, don’t be jealous… the night is a force of nature: majestic and terrifyingly powerful, but incapable of feeling. I could live for her, dedicate myself to her dance, master every curve of her, and she’d still forget me in an instant. She and I are merely playing; you are much more to me than that.</p><p class="P3">No other person is welcome in my night. Nocturnal animals are fine; they keep to themselves. They are civilized. I have never known a human half so civilized as the creatures that stalk the night beside me. Intrusion into my night by other humans, especially strangers, irritates me — it is a violation, of sorts, violent and dehumanizing for all involved. Was the tacit agreement not clear? The day, with its garish, cold light and superficial obsession with what is belongs to the madmen and barbarians that infest this world. It, like them, is mundane. Boring. The night, meanwhile, with its smooth blending of what is, what could be, and what ought to be, belongs to me alone.</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">This night, Sister and Mother have intruded.</p><p class="P6"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">Get down in the basement. Go, or I’ll push you down the stairs!” Mother’s shrill voice inflicts itself upon my calm like a dentist’s drill, an unmistakable sound that promises pain. She cannot see me in my sanctuary, but I am not her prey just now; Sister stamps down the stairs, brave defiance masking her features in brittle hardness. It’s unlikely that Mother would risk having another broken bone in the family tonight, but in the grip of rage her logic has been known to fail her. There is, after all, so much a determined sadist can do with bone pain: if one or more of Sister’s bones were shattered by the fall down the stairs, Mother would make her suffer brutally before she summoned aid. Sister was smart to acquiesce.</span></p><p class="P6"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">Clearly you don’t give a shit about me, so why do you care who I fuck?” Sister hissed at Mother.</span></p><p class="P3">[Yeah, why do they get so mad that she goes out and parties? Not sure what direction I want to take here… should her parents be sexually possessive, considering their daughters property? Should they be concerned with Sister getting pregnant and fouling their family bloodline with the blood of the mundane masses? Should they be concerned about STDs/STIs that Sister might pass on to Father if/when he decides to claim her? I think that last one sounds right about on point — Mother and Father are sadists, so both would relish the notion of adding their daughters to the sexual torture routine, but only if they were clean.]</p><p class="P6"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">You’re damned right I couldn’t care less about you, you ungrateful, stupid little slut, but I care deeply about what you represent — a young life full of potential, flush with burgeoning sexual energy, curious, questing for a notion of self… breaking you will be beyond orgasmic. We don’t need you to be a virgin; we know it’s too late for that. Anyway, we can still explore perversion related to deflowering with your </span><span class="T6">sister. If, however, you ruin your womanhood with some rot you catch off one of your unwashed cohorts, you will be rendered useless to us. I don’t want to wait another fifteen years for new prey to ripen. Patience is not your father’s greatest virtue, either… he would make you regret rebellion, in ways you can’t even imagine.”</span></p><p class="P6"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">Maybe if I could stand to be in this house for a night I wouldn’t have to look to my friends for quite so much comfort. Why don’t you and dad just do me a favor and finally kill each other so I don’t have to hear you fighting anymore!” Sister was crying now, backing away from Mother and into the shadows. The shadows are shallow by the stairs, however, and will not help her anymore than I would. For an instant I almost feel pity for her. Almost. She shouldn’t have cried. Mother will smell her weakness and it will excite her passions. Hopelessness is Mother’s favorite spice.</span></p><p class="P3">/*Shouldn’t this sort of rhetoric have come up in a previous torture session, if indeed said sessions are not uncommon? Why would Mother only be revealing this stuff now, other than the readers’ benefit? Something about this incident should make it especially bad or otherwise unique — Sister would likely have acted out similarly and made the plea about mutual spousal-cide before, and as such there should be a reason that Mother responds so truthfully and fully to it this time*/</p><p class="P6"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">You are too young and simple to understand our dance,” Mother breathed huskily, swooping down on Sister with all the beautiful grace and merciless fervor of a raptor, “and we will never stop. We cannot. But I can deafen you, if you like.” A swift blow to the gut put Sister on the floor, curled up and sobbing, allowing Mother ample time to fetch an ice pick and a torch from Father’s workbench.</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">A perverse tableau renders itself before me: Mother’s gentle humming, underscored by a low roar from the flames licking the pick to a sterile cherry-red, sets the score to Sister’s pained attempts to crawl away. Curiosity gets the better of me, and I lean out of my sanctuary just a hair to watch. Sister sees me, tries to call out for help, but Mother is on her an instant later, replacing all thought with pain and fear.</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">I withdraw to the depths of my sanctuary, but even with my ears covered and my eyes shut tight I cannot block out the symphony of Sister’s agony. The basement is deep and sound-proofed, so there is no danger of an outsider hearing her screams or the hiss of searing meat that once was a functional human ear. The stench of my atomized Sister is exactly as foul as I expected.</p><p class="P6"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">There now, simply turn your deaf ear to Mommy and Daddy’s dancing and you won’t be bothered.” Metal clinks as Mother tosses the bloodied pick into the laundry tub. “Can you be a good girl?” Sobs are Sister’s only reply. The sound of sharply-gripped hair and a crescendo to the cries. “Tell me you’ll be a good girl!”</span></p><p class="P6"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">I’ll be a good girl,” Sister manages, weakly. It sounds as if her teeth are clenched, and I wonder how much of that tension is pain and how much rage.</span></p><p class="P6"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">Good! Let’s get you to bed then, dear.” Leaden footsteps ascend the stairs, and I am alone again at </span><span class="T6">last.</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">Peeking out from the shadows, I make sure the intruders are gone before I allow myself calm. My eyes fall upon the site of erstwhile carnage and, despite my best efforts, I can’t ignore the fact that Sister’s blood is rapidly disappearing from the stone floor; large, irregular spots vanish all at once, as if something unseen even by me is lapping it up. What could Mother and Father be feeding?</p><p class="P3">Protect me,</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">Violet</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P7"><span class="T5">August 18</span><span class="T9">th</span><span class="T5">, 2013: The Dawn</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">My Love,</p><p class="P3">/*Is it kosherized to switch to past-tense here? It kinda makes sense given the fact that she’s reporting on a significant event having already happened, but technically she was doing the same in the above two entries as well. I liked the present tense style in those entries, as it served to immerse the reader a bit more thoroughly; this past-tense style is somewhat less powerful, I think, for first person narratives.*/</p><p class="P3">/*I think I’ma call you Josh. I mean, I’ma remove the note about meeting Nymh from the beginning of this entry, since I’ve decided Nymh isn’t gonna be a thing until Violet’s extra-personal intersection with EoU. But then why did she approach the well in the first place if there wasn’t any Nymh humming to draw her? Maybe ditch the subterranean siren thing for now and just make a line of spiders that Violet follows? That would sac a bit of the atomizing shadow dynamic that I like, though… we’ll have to think about that.  On the other hand, we’ve already decided that time for the Empire and for earth is out of sync (hence Violet’s intersection being the first with earth from the Empire’s perspective, but stuff like Asmodai’s intersection occur much earlier than 2013 CE in earth time), so maybe Violet could have been drawn by Nymh to create Nymh. I actually kinda like the paradox*/</p><p class="P3">Wonderful news! I’ve met a fascinating young woman who has quite literally opened a whole new world to me. She’s kind and beautiful and delightfully inhuman… I think I love her. I wonder, has there ever been a pairing between a human and one of her species? /*&lt;Todo&gt; hold up — isn’t Nymh Violet’s daughter? Also, who was humming if Nymh doesn’t exist until Violet’s private interface with the Architects?&lt;/todo&gt;*/ I’m getting ahead of myself, though; allow me to spin the yarn in full: after Sister and Mother’s rude intrusion last night, I had difficulty sleeping. When dreams came, they were troubled and rife with screams and the stench of burnt flesh and hair. Lovely, haunting music freed me from my nightmares; a soothing, subtly irresistibly feminine humming woke me in the small hours of morning. It was that damnable time when the heartless light of day doesn’t even bother with warmth as it burns away the possibilities of night/*trying to capture that super-cold pre-dawn temperature, combined with the fact that burning light is first driving away the cloak of night’s shadow before it brings any sort of warmth. Then, of course, the warmth turns to damnable heat and, well, you’ve lost my interest.*/. I shivered against the violation of dawn /*oh, fuck yeah I love that*/, and followed the music to a neglected corner of the basement packed with heavy clutter: discarded appliances, ancient tools, and construction detritus barred access to all but the most herculean and conscientiously inoculated people.</p><p class="P3">The humming seemed to be coming from beneath the pile. I must have still been half-asleep, for I fancied that the clutter shifted itself while I watched; each fragment of rusty forgotten dream methodically, silently carried by an unseen force neatly out of the way. I never saw anything more than shadows, but I knew those shadows were alive and waiting for me to accept their invitation. Beneath the scrap there had been concealed a large iron cap built into the basement floor. Unlatching it and peering into the inky subterranean depths, I felt a thrill electrify my spirit: there could be anything down there! New, different people, or, better, things not remotely like people at all. As I breathed in the heady aroma of potential marinated in decades of mildew, the shadows surrounding me atomized. A swarm of minute spiders detached themselves from the void and skittered down into the darkness below. They carefully avoided my fingers, alabaster against the abyss yawning before me, but they needn’t have bothered. Fascinated, I dipped both hands into their flow, reveling in their direction.</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">Satisfied that I was neither afraid nor something to be afraid of, a few tendrils of the swarm branched off to explore the peaks of my body. Decorum is refreshingly unknown to arachnids, and thus they climbed under my nightdress as well as over it. The touch of thousands of questing limbs caressing my bare skin, the sensation of intimate contact over every inch of my body was intoxicating; truly, nothing can hug properly with only two arms. When the wave of curious creatures crested the woefully ‘modest’ swell of my breasts, tickling my nipples to erection and ministering to them expertly as a sinuous unbroken flow, a euphoric warmth exploded from my loins and radiated throughout my body. My knees shook and I nearly fell, but I couldn’t risk harming them. I would not betray them.</p><p class="P7"><span class="T5">My lips parted to sing out my pleasure, but an influx of dark, hairy bodies stole my breath away. My orgasmic vocalization became an infinitely more potent whisper which rippled across the swarm, repeated and magnified by their myriad presence. Blessed blackness engulfed my world as they covered my eyes, and for an eternal instant we were one being; a thousand hearts beating as one, breathing as one, thousand-fold attachment treating me to heights of love I’d never imagined possible. It was the most profoundly sexual moment of my life, and the day had only just begun. As they left my body for the abyss, my tongue probed for any stragglers. I missed them already, and my lonely breath felt diminished. There could be no other course now; whatever </span><span class="T12">sepulchral </span><span class="T5">siren lurked in the depths, my legion of lovers sought her, and so too must I.</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">The bottom of the well was beyond even hazy /*you know what I mean, dammit. Better wording here, something to convey the spectral silhouette of distant sights shrouded in gloom*/ sight, and neither ladder nor steps nor handholds presented themselves to my fumbling hands. I stood and straightened my nightdress, several determined stragglers floating gracefully down to the ground’s stalwart stability upon strands of web they had already begun weaving beneath my skirts /*this also needs better wording; I was trying to illustrate the spiders’ comfort with Violet and her gentle, motherly treatment of them — they immediately wanted to make her their home, but she moves around too much so they had to leave, and she was cognizant of this and careful to let them descend safely. Didn’t really work with this scraping*/. Chiding myself for tarnishing the perfect darkness with my clumsy searching, suffusing its purity with doubt, I took a deep breath and leapt. As I knew it would, the darkness embraced me; I only fell for a moment, just long enough for all but a pinprick of damnable dawn to be swallowed by the abyssal ambience, before a huge and oddly chitinous coalescence of shadow caught me and eased me into the depths.</p><p class="P3">When my bare feet stood firm upon damp soil, the tendril cradling me uncoiled itself and slithered back into the void. I could feel millions of eyes on me, and a gentle touch of the living walls confirmed my suspicion that my lovers had waited for me.  In silent conference, the best kind of conference, my lovers communicated my readiness to venture on across their ranks. I felt the gentle yet insistent tide of spiders flowing off the walls and urging me towards a point on the far wall — a loose stone. The swarm disappeared through the cracks surrounding it, so many that the apparent slight cavity around the stone should not have been able to contain them all. Curiously, I eased the stone out of its socket, careful not to disturb the swarm, and set it at my feet. Turning my attention to the cavity I’d created, I was confronted with a truly terrifying sight: my reflection. Scrawny. Short. Pale. Plain. Complexion so speckled it’s difficult to separate freckles from acne, psoriasis, eczema… the list goes on. Dull eyes so lifeless that I envy those nightmarish Victorian dolls. Limp, dead-fish hair. FLAT. Forgettable. I shuddered and dodged aside that I might study the mirror at an angle, and not myself. A soft purple light revealed the hollow behind the stones, emanating from small crystals running along its frame. /*&lt;Todo&gt;could use more desc of mirror&lt;/todo&gt;*/ The light was uncharacteristically gentle, and served only to reveal that my host was somehow passing into the mirror; tiny waves in the glass near its edges marked their passage like ripples on the surface of perfectly still water. Breath caught in anticipation, I reached through and laid a trembling finger on the mirror.</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">Cold like I never imagined possible washed over me, and the ground vanished from beneath my feet. It wanted me, every atom of my being. I don’t know what, but something ravenous /*something about this being more than simple temperature; it’s a cold so invasive it seems predatory, ravenous*/. It tore at me and I screamed without breath or voice or body. Then it was over, and I swear I heard a frustrated howl as the cold receded and I remained whole.</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P7"><span class="T5">August 18</span><span class="T9">th</span><span class="T5">, 2013: Exploration and Discovery</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">My Love,</p><p class="P3">I survived my journey through the mirror to… wherever here is. I’d landed on my forgettable backside, so I took a moment to stand and dust off before surveying my surroundings: before me yawned a colossal cavern, dimly lit by bioluminescent fungi on the walls and, variably, by floating balls of ghostly white flame with a black core that bobbed lazily in my general vicinity /*sentient shadow flare, bitches!!! I’ma need to think of a cool variant of will o’ wisp to call these fellows. I think I’ll have them turn out to be something like emotion elementals, feeding off of and responding to the emotions of sapient beings around them.*/. The cavern stretched out into impenetrable blackness, but on the walls near me I could make out intricate carvings; they seemed to depict a sort of creation myth, focusing on a being which is only illustrated via its effects on the surrounding landscape. Inexplicable fiery halo here, unnatural animal kinship there — clearly the artist (very likely whoever dreamed up the creator in the first place, I’d bet) has a very high opinion of the subject.</p><p class="P3">I ran my hands over the reliefs and was surprised to find them almost perfectly smooth, as if cut with laser and then subjected to several eons of flowing water. The floating lights moved with me, serving as a subtle escort while maintaining a respectable distance. If only more creatures could be that mindful. I reached out to one, proffering my upturned palm as a perch. It alighted, and immediately turned violet. Curious. Together my escort and I perused what I can only describe as a gallery of carvings portraying a complex and violent mythology. The pulsing black and white light from my escort imbued /*how the fuck d’ya spell the past tense of lend? Dammit, English*/ the many variably hook-tentacled, bat-winged, cloven-hoofed, curling-horned, and so on beasts savaging one another with a gentle animation, an effect that was only marginally diminished by the whimsical splash of violet mixed in from the flame over my hand. Each relief depicted a wildly different landscape, with no constants and the only mere similarity being content generally featuring a battle, a lone victor, and that victor carrying on to the next frame. /*consider adding scenes with recurring EoU characters, like the Architects and The Old One.*/ Looking closer, I noted another similarity whose subtlety unnerved me — each scene contained a small alien bird-like creature, much like a crow but with six eyes and three sets of wings. The bird was never featured, its presence so subdued that it seemed to be sidling off to be about its unrelated and uninteresting business even as I studied it. No matter its position relative to the chaos being featured, the bird always had its gaze trained upon the figures at the heart of the struggle. Can a beak bear a grin? This one did.</p><p class="P3">As I focused on the grin of the subtle crow-voyeur, the flame in my hand began pulsing more rapidly, and adopted the dark purple/scarlet hue of a festering wound. The light cast a bloody pall over the scene in front of me, which seemed to be showcasing the titanic might of some sort of man-lion as it eviscerated a swarm of serpents, and in that light the crow took center-stage; it’s not-quite-grin flashed vicious and perverse, and for a moment I was certain its gaze flicked to me. In a blinding flash, the flame in my hand twisted into a raging column that clawed towards the nothingness heavenward /*oh fuck yes, I love that!*/, and then winked out entirely. I stumbled back from the walls, feeling inexplicably exhausted, and oddly empty. I felt nothing as my escort drifted away, giving me a wide berth, and leaving me only barely able to see the stone at my feet. The carvings and, slowly, the cavern walls themselves were swallowed by the encroaching void, and with a whimper of anxiety that should have been a howl I realized that I had no idea how to find my way back. Then again, what did I have to return to? You are with me, always.</p><p class="P3">Watching the ground carefully for divots or the odd stalagmite, I groped about for anything that might lead me… somewhere. I wandered aimlessly through the cavern for what felt like hours, before finally stumbling into a solid obstacle. &lt;todo&gt;add more statues to this conduit, making her interface with the Architects more random chance&lt;/todo&gt; The light from my shy escort was not enough to make out what I’d run into, but I could feel that it was more carved stone. It felt raised, like a platform, and after making certain it continued on for a reasonable span I clambered atop it. At this point, my escort forgot themselves and crowded around my head in a halo of ghostly fire. Their abrupt approach shed light upon the statue before me so quickly that it seemed to simply blink into existence: a monstrous arachnid, twice as tall as a man and with legs spanning a distance easily three times its height, carved of obsidian. I want to emphasize the material, as one does not generally carve obsidian /*izzat true? Sounds right*/, or any glass; one shapes it while it is molten. This statue must have required a massive dedicated mould, and the artist’s mind must have been twice as twisted as the nightmarish creature’s many limbs. Rubies the size of condor eggs studded its surface, each cut to resemble an eye. Massive leathery-looking wings sprouted from the point where its thorax met its abdomen, suggesting the kind of hybrid horror only dreamt of by the internet marketers behind the most insidious click-bait.</p><p class="P3">The heads were the primary point of interest on this flying giant spider covered with eyes, however: there were two, each with fangs several meters in length above a gaping maw lined with rows of hooked teeth descending in spirals down its twin throats. The cut of the ruby eyes in the heads was such that, as pulsing light danced through them, their focus seemed to dart about wildly, as if in panic. What could panic an abomination like this? As I studied this phenomenon, I noticed a steady line of many-legged movement; my erstwhile host had returned, and were making their way up the statue’s body and into its mouths. My fear still seemed muted, and so I didn’t hesitate to place my head inside a mouth to get a better look at where the spiders might be heading. I could see nothing, and the tips of the fangs brushing my neck alerted me to the fact that my current approach might not be the wisest. Speaking of unwisdom, my arms are slender enough for a preliminary probe of the statue’s depths. In fact, if I reach into both gaping maws at once, it’ll be an awful lot like a hug; this pleases me, so I proceed. Careful around the spiraling barbed teeth, I fumble about in the darkness and discover only that the mouths seem to terminate in a smaller tunnel much like an esophagus. The level of (presumably) anatomically correct detail the sculptor put in is breath-taking, and I can’t help wondering if this creature is not only real, but worshipped somewhere. Spiders stream over my hands, barreling down the statue’s throats in an inexplicable frenzy. My eyes close rapturously as I allow myself to be caught up in the mania, and when I open them, I find myself face-to-faces no longer with obsidian but rather spine-like hairs, oozing flesh, and twitching muscle.</p><p class="P3">The cavern, the flames, and the other spiders are gone: the whole universe is the creature and me. It was smaller now than it had been in effigy, closer to my height and with fangs only as long as my forearm. The eyes on its body continue to dart around crazily, but those on its heads are fixed on me. They were not the glassy black of most arachnids; each one burned an angry, bonfire-red, like the last desperate roar of a dying star. I should fear, but I cannot. I should remove my arms from its mouths, but I will not. Instead, I find myself admiring its fangs; they’re phallic, in the right light, and absolutely huge resting against the soft flesh of my arms. /*Couple things: I love the whole sexual spider bite thing, but I worry that we’re making Violet seem obsessed with dicks if she sees spider fangs as phallic. Also, do we really, really have to highlight how excited she is by their size? Seriously dude, I know it’s a hang-up of ours, but I really don’t think that translates into reality, especially from the perspective of females. On the other hand, we are just talking about aesthetics here and it’s a good bit harder to argue that a giant cock doesn’t LOOK more impressive than a not-giant cock. I wonder if we could translate the above to summat more reasonable, like a huge dildo or actual huge cock some girl is unveiling for the first time, and then ask on askwomen if the thoughts she’s being written as having at that moment of revelation are at all likely for a woman in that position. IDFK*/ As if reading my thoughts, the creature nudges its four fangs downward ever-so-slightly, just piercing my flesh with the tips. Agony and thrill and bizarre need rush through me, and I take the initiative, thrusting my body toward the creature and impaling myself thoroughly. Its eyes watch my face carefully as I adjust to its penetration. After a minute of wincing and scootching, I finally feel comfortable, and so full! Sighing contentedly, I lay my chest and head upon the bed of sparse hairs between its heads. I’ve never done this before, so I’m not certain what should happen next. Come to think of it, I don’t even know what ‘this’ is. In an academic sense, I’m aware it isn’t technically sex, but everything in my body is telling me otherwise. /*Maybe we oughta just let this lie; it’s painfully obvious that she finds the experience sexual — I think an analysis, even by Violet herself, might detract from the scene*/</p><p class="P3">I cannot say how much time passed as we stood together locked in our bloody union, but eventually nature took its course: a spike of pain as paroxysm wracked the fangs and I gasped as a torrent of burning fluid flooded into my arms and spread throughout my body. /*’member that scene in matrix reloaded where the marovingian describes the effects of his personally-coded dessert on the blonde, and we see her orgasm in matrix-vision? I’d like Violet’s experience with the venom to be similar.*/ When I was suffused and could withstand no more of the dark decadence, hyper-orgasmic pleasure exploded through me and my own ecstatic spasming jostles the fangs about roughly in the holes they’ve made their home inside me, splashing blood onto the creature’s lidless eyes. How deliciously profane for the ultimate worship of love and life to be driven by a current of violence… I wonder, how does a girl in the throes of sexual bliss look through a film of blood? Could this be the dance my Mother spoke of? If so, I can understand how she grew addicted to it. Her mistake, and Father’s, is acrimony; they fail to see (or fail to care) that violent intimacy need not be a destructive act. Or perhaps their purpose is destruction, or at least includes destruction. At this juncture, our similarity ends, for I am interested only in creation and preservation, in the fostering of new relationships between reasonable lifeforms./*she’s going to be disappointed when she finds out that the Empire of Unreason lives up to its name*/</p><p class="P3">/*So, next thing: she passes out and has a dream of horrible agony (or maybe not horrible, but actually something beautiful, but painful, like I dunno flowers and shit sprouting from beneath her flesh to make her one with a gorgeous field or something), which is illustrated in grave detail. When she wakes, she’s covered heat to foot in blood-soaked bandages (or webbing?) and it turns out that what was actually happening was EVEN GODDAMN WORSE — there were spiderlings in the venom that spread throughout her body and they hatched and burst forth from beneath her skin, lacerating flesh all over her body. Nymh is there, fully grown and smiling over her ‘mother’, having bandaged her carefully. She mentions that she has hundreds of sisters - she’d be lonely with any fewer! - and Violet is both shocked and oddly fulfilled by this revelation; she feels at home for the first time in her life, beneath a statue of the extra-dimensional dread spider god of insanity. She expresses a wish to meet her other daughters, but Nymh tells her she must wait because her body is too weak to withstand another Connection away from her own world (the cavernous gallery is in a Conduit, a sort of way-station between the Empire and other worlds. Connecting at either Endpoint of a Conduit takes energy, and for an Outsider, Connecting to the Empire takes more than Violet can spare in her wounded state).*//*this conduit business solves the problem of isolated points of intersection rather neatly IMHO, as well as the fact that while Violet is clearly no longer in Kansas or wherever, she’s also not quite in the Empire proper since she had to undergo some sort of transportation to meet the Architects face to… er… faces.*/</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">Feeling over-satisfied, I gently disengaged my arms from the creature’s fangs and removed them from its mouths. They were mangled and bleeding profusely, but love’s always a bit sticky /*this line is perfectly full of triple entendres*/. For a moment the creature and I stared at each other, both enraptured by our post-intimacy glow. Perhaps it was only the oxytocin drowning my judgement, but its eyes seemed softer now, almost concerned. The thud of my knees impacting the soft, oddly springy ground was my first indication that I could no longer stand under my own power. Before I could fall further, great chitinous legs lifting me tenderly and placed me atop the soft fur of the creature’s massive abdomen. From that vantage I could just make out the peak of a mountain, rising like a stark leviathan from a sea of clouds, and a great web of gossamer, midnight-black silk spanning the entire sky above it. Shortly, the gentle rocking of the web, the spider’s warm fur, the infinite depth of the blackness of each thread, and massive blood loss lulled me into the soothing embrace of unconsciousness /*this or something like she’s staring into the black web threads and said blackness seems to deepen and fill her vision, as if she’s slipping into it, and then bonk’n she’s out*/.</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P7"><span class="T5">August 18</span><span class="T9">th</span><span class="T5">, 2013: Motherhood and Divinity</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">My Love,</p><p class="P3">I dreamt of being a goddess. At first I drifting alone in a barren, cold wasteland, but the moment my toes touched ground a bounty of flowers and greenery sprang up in my vicinity. Beautiful agony like I’ve never imagined possible rooted me to the spot, along with actual roots, as the new life was erupting directly from my flesh. My feet now firmly entangled, I knelt slowly in a posture of reverence; even before my legs made contact with the earth, tendrils ripped free of me in bloody swathes, eager to burrow and explore the gift of life. My blood bathed the sprouts around my feet, and they drank deeply, blossoming into a worshipful glade. The newly created canopy of leaves, stretched over me in a protective, almost proprietary manner, filtered the harsh sunlight into gentle golden rays tinged with cheerful green. Tranquility likeI’d never known filled me, and I reached out reverently to touch the sunlit spores floating by. A gorgeous butterfly, wings flashing between shades of indigo and violet as it adjusted the position of its impossibly delicate scales in the sunlight, alighted on my fingertip. A moment of perfect stillness, and then, in the instant it took wing, a crippling agony tore across my back, propelling me forward onto the ground. From my prostrate vantage I could just make out flowering greenery unfolding from my shoulder blades, stretching like long-neglected wings toward the sky. My heart soared upon them, and as a blanket of new life enveloped me, I closed my eyes to bask in the worshipful, wonderful warmth/*cliche? Stupid? I dunno, maybe use another alliterative two-tuple here*/ and perfect peace/*something about worship of myself, maybe?*/ of creation. /*Probably should add to this, maybe striving for a blow-by-blow metaphorical parallel to the ravaging her body is actually suffering as she effectively births the first Adderclypse sistren.*/</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">I woke to a decidedly less florid, if functionally equivalent, reality: at some point during my dream I had been transported back to the cavern to recline upon the decidedly less comfortable stone abdomen of the spider statue. My companion lanterns from earlier bobbed aimlessly off in the distance, but the statue’s ruby eyes had flared to a life of their own: they produced a subtly vibrant red glow that pulsed gently as it fought back the void. Every cold bump and curve of it was eminently discernible to me, as I was nude beneath a thin layer of shimmering silver silk that wrapped my entire body. I can feel your worry through the pen, Love, but fret not, for I was not ensnared — the webbing was woven in such a way that it did not restrict my movements. The remains of my nightdress, torn to bloody ribbons, lay in a heap nearby, and the webbing served to clothe me like a second skin. Judging by the bloodstains soaking through at innumerable points, it also served as a set of full-body bandages. Raising a hand gingerly, for I paid dearly in pain for every movement, to my head, I could surmise that every inch of my body was bandaged thusly save for thin strips around my eyes, nose, and mouth. My hair lay about me in bloody clumps, apparently having been forcefully uprooted somehow.</p><p class="P6"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">She wakes!” A buoyant feminine voice cried out from just beyond my pool of light. “How are you feeling, Mother? You’ve been through quite an ordeal.”</span></p><p class="P3">I tried to speak, my mind reeling with the weight of a hundred questions battling for top priority, but my voice failed me; my throat felt scratched and dry as dust, almost as if I’d been screaming continuously for hours on end. Only a pathetic whine with a slight questioning inflection escaped my lips.</p><p class="P6"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">Oh! Yes, right, I’m sorry… you’ll have lost your voice after all that, I’d wager. Don’t worry, I’ll explain everything. First, however, I’d like to approach, but I’m afraid I might startle you. Hrm. You weren’t bothered by Father though, were you? Odd. But then again, you’re odd! That’s why you intrigued Father so. Okay, here goes…”</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">A whisper of swishing silk and the loveliest living creature I’ve ever seen or imagined appeared before my eyes. She wore a dress of flowing spider-silk, glimmering like liquid fire in the pulsing ruby light, whose hem danced just above her bare feet. Beneath it, she appeared mostly human, but three arms each sprouted from the left and right sides of her upper torso, and five eyes arranged in an arch blinked serenely at me as I drank her in. /*’Two enormous fangs curled out from beneath her upper lip and grew downwards to her chin, a bit like tusks.’ Eh, I think if she has fangs they should be retractable or something. I really want the adderclypse to look human with a dash of Hindu god/spider, and tusk-fangs kinda ruins that aesthetic. Plus, they probably would have difficulty speaking normally with a mouthful of fangs.*/ Nature didn’t make this creature. She wouldn’t care to… no, She wouldn’t dare. But I did. True, it wasn’t on purpose, but that hardly seemed important when confronted with this gorgeous being to whom I’d gifted life. My daughter. I reached a hand out to her; you might assume it was shaking from tentative suspicion or at least pain, but no: I was surprised to find my reach more steady and sure than ever before. I could feel something beginning to end, a longing I never knew had been eating me up inside that recognized its imminent satisfaction and demise, and watched, beside me, rapt with fascinated anticipation, as she approached. This creature out of glorious nightmare took my hand in both of hers and squeezed, gently, and I changed. At long last whole. /*Might extoll this a bit more, but looking good!*/</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">Her form blurred momentarily as joyous, proud, defiant tears mixed with the blood already soaking my suit of woven bandages. I blinked furiously, not wanting to miss an atom of her. She was quite a sight all together, so I’ll start at the top and work my way down one segment of deliciously twisted beauty at a time: /*super-shimmery dress made of spider silk, bends the statue’s red light such that she seems to be clothed in liquid fire. Spinnerets instead of hair follicles on her head produce silk hair which she can grow/remove/style as she pleases on demand. Something about an impressive bustline, which doesn’t seem remotely fair*/ translucent muted-platinum hair flowed like a ghostly waterfall down to the small of her back, and waved gently despite a conspicuous lack of wind or motion on my daughter’s part. It looked just like the material of her dress — perhaps she had spinnerets in place of hair follicles, at least on her head? Handy and stylish.  &lt;todo&gt;add detailed description of eye arch, mentioning that four are more human-like horizontal, while the fifth keystone is vertical. This keystone eye should be given special attention.&lt;/todo&gt;Prominent black lashes adorned the lids of her six eyes, elegant enough to make a runway model claw her malnourished heart out with envy. The eyes themselves… defy discrete description. Each is an orb of continuously swirling, apparently unstructured color, and the pattern of colors for each eye seems to be independent of its fellows. When she feels strong emotion, they tend to agree — when she first approached me and seemed consumed by apprehension, they were all shades of meek, hesitant pale-blue. Once she saw that I wasn’t afraid, her eyes warmed to a soothing deep green (relief, I suppose) wreathed by loving lavender, which slowly crept inwards and gently supplanted the green as she took my hand. As we studied each other in mutual silent awe, they began to shift whimsically; the color of curiosity. They blinked independently, giving me the impression that she was constantly winking; come to think of it, maybe she was.</p><p class="P6"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">You like my eyes, I can tell. They can be handy, but let me tell you it’s hard to lie when your emotions are written in the color of your eyes… especially when you have six!” She giggled self-consciously and continued, “I’m envious of your eyes — I wish mine could be such a gorgeous ocean blue all the time.”</span></p><p class="P7"><span class="T5">Was that a compliment? About </span><span class="T7">my</span><span class="T10"> </span><span class="T5">body? I’m not used to them, and I found myself unable to meet her gaze for a few moments, so I nodded awkwardly and drank deeply of the rest of her. Her face was much like that of any human woman, save for being deathly pale. Also, despite her efforts to hide them from me, I had espied some oddments inside her mouth as she spoke: the shadows of complex structures like the more torturous implements of orthodontia peaked out from behind her lips once or twice, and her tongue looked longer than normal. Once, while she forgot herself laughing, I discovered that she had been studiously using her serpent-like tongue to cover several additional rows of teeth, decidedly more carnivorously suited than the familiar ones up front.</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">Wondering why she would hide this feature from me, and purposely stamping down the obvious answer, I decided to try my voice again. “Trust,” I croaked softly, and pointed to my own mouth, opening wide and swiveling my head a bit to give my daughter a good look inside.</p><p class="P3">I wasn’t confident I could intone my desire for her to trust me completely more articulately than that, so I was relieved when she nodded slowly, whispering, “I want to, Mother. Really, I do, but you don’t know what you’re asking; we’re very sensitive about our teeth. They are… indelicate, more a gift from Father than from you. My heart soars with the knowledge that you want to know us through-and-through, however, so I will show you, if you’re ready.” I nodded eagerly, and she stepped back a few paces. Then, oddly, she plucked a few strands of gossamer hair and used them to tie back the rest as if preparing for physical exertion. Her eyes were a wary yellow tinged with orange as she explained, “the process of opening my mouth… fully… is physically and emotionally non-trivial. I must fool my body into thinking I am about to feed. I could show you much while still in the guise of beauty, but I would be hiding beast. Please understand, I don’t, I really, fervently do not want to show you this side of me, but I must if we are to know one another. Are you sure you want to know me?”</p><p class="P3">A part of me was screaming that here at last the looming shoe had fallen, casting its funereal shadow over my heart and threatening to toss me back into a world of cynicism and distrust. This part of me, this careful, conservative shrew, enshrouded by a cloak of negativity that she wore like armor, argued that I belonged there, that a bleak and protective personal world would keep me alive. The rest of me, eager to leave sullen solitude behind forever, to know the difference between being alive and living, dove upon our traitorously risk-averse sister and tore her asunder. Inwardly wearing my caution’s gore like jewelry, I nodded again.</p><p class="P3">Closing her eyes in resignation, my daughter took several slow deep breaths. Then she tossed her head back violently and let out a scream that chilled my blood. While she clawed at her hair in evident agony, sickening pops announced the dislocation of joints. Her neck stretched much too far, as if broken, and her jaw worked furiously as her head rolled. A series of desperate grunts followed by a drawn-out, ragged breath, and finally she flipped her head back down to face me. My pulse raced in spite of myself, for her eyes were now a furious molten red. Unceremoniously, she dropped her lower jaw and it hung down, grotesquely loose, to the middle of her chest. And yes, despite the monstrous display, I couldn’t help but take a moment to enviously compare the generous swell of her bust to my own meager endowment. Pathetic, I know. Multiple levels of self-loathing at once… that simply doesn’t seem fair. Shut up, this is my diary and if I want it to be ludicrously self-centered, then so shall it be! Anyway, two enormous fangs proceeded to extract themselves from somewhere deep within her cheeks, and grew downward beside her upper teeth to about where her chin would normally be./*two more fangs in the lower jaw, maybe? It seems like with a disjointed lower jaw you wouldn’t be able to make much use of the lower fangs.*/</p><p class="P3">With sufficient space now available, she was able to shift her massive serpent-like tongue (not serpentine as in forked, serpent-like as in about the size of a small python and with all the same haunting grace in its movements) to reveal endless rows of teeth. They were variably hooked, serrated, razor-edged, barbed, and dull, with the more socially acceptable members towards the front. She showed me how all but the first few rows retracted into the flesh around her mouth when she relaxed certain muscles in and around her throat, and that her tongue could easily cover the inhuman rows if she wished. I felt paralyzed by fascination. Only fascination. What little fear had blossomed in me upon seeing my daughter’s self-styled beast had withered and wilted away to nothing before her magnificence; in her presence, only awe could survive.</p><p class="P3">She was disruptive, revolutionary, clever, and “wrong” in all the right ways: perfect profanity. In the infinite stillness that followed her revelation, I smiled and said said simply, “Cool.”</p><p class="P3">Her lips twitched in what would surely have been a reciprocal smile had her jaw been more than loosely connected, and after a series of snaps, stomach-twisting crunches, and violent muscle contractions, she was back to beauty and grinning mischievously at me. Her eyes had returned to whimsical color-shifting, a welcome change from their erstwhile hellfire./*here, where the tension has been dissolved, a mischievous grin would be at home*/“There’s more, but I think that’s more than enough for a memorable first impression. Speaking of, my name is Nymh. I already know you’re name is Violet, Mother, so rest your voice. My sisters and I are the very first of our race, the Adderclypse, and we owe our existence to you. You’re also owed an explanation. Father’s venom carried a host of… template embryos, you might say. You might also say genetic parasites. Spiderlings basically, at that point, but with highly malleable genetic code ready to adapt to that of their host. Once they encountered your DNA and incorporated it into themselves, ‘they’ became ‘us’, that is my sisters and me. We grew, first in your veins and then subcutaneously throughout your body, mostly feeding off non-critical muscle tissue. Sorry. When we had matured enough to survive outside your body, a process which required only a few days, during which you were mercifully kept dreaming thanks to the soporifics in Father’s venom, we… well, we tunneled out. Sorry. Though we were still only the size of the tip of your little finger at that point, there were thousands of us. It was inelegant. There was a lot of blood. You’ll recover, internally, but you probably won’t ever look the same. Sorry. Birthing us cost you dearly, I know, and I want you to know that we are all eternally grateful for your sacrifice. You’re our mother, you gave us life.”</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">Nymh paused here, apparently at a loss for words.  Her eyes were shifting through a gradient of apprehensive stormy gray-blue, and I surmised she was awaiting my reaction to this rather wonderfully horrible news.  “You’re welcome. Sisters?” I croaked.</p><p class="P6"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">Yes, several thousand of them,” she gushed, eyes shifting to a sunburst of relieved warmth and enthusiasm. “I’d be lonely with any fewer! They went on ahead without me. They wanted to stay by your side, but it isn’t entirely safe here in a Conduit, especially for the very young. Not everyone can be as strong as me,” she swelled with pride as she said this, “and you, of course. They all helped stabilize you, and they made me promise to tell you as much so that you wouldn’t think less of them for not being here when you woke. They’re pretty much like me, which is unusual. The parasitogenesis /*is that a thing? Would this word be the correct scienterrific version of ‘birthed by genetic parasitism creating variations on a theme, like Ridley Scott’s Alien(s)?’*/ process that led to our birth usually </span><span class="T6">produces wildly different offspring, of many different species. The fact that we are all Adderclypse suggests that a Power or the Godmaker himself took an interest in us, or rather in you, since you served as our source of genetic inspiration, and he, she, it, or they twiddled probability.”</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">Maybe it was the concept of gods or demons or something else altogether manipulating genetic entropy, or maybe it was the increasingly… sideways… feeling of the atmosphere in the cavern, but I was overcome by a wave of dizziness before I could ask any of the thousand thousand questions Nymh’s words had raised. I groaned and lay back on the statue’s back, hands clasping my head in a vain attempt to stop everything spinning around me.</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">Nymh was at my side in a flash, her eyes a worried storm-gray. “You’re feeling the effects of the Conduit. Also blood loss, but the Conduit isn’t helping. The laws of physics here are something in between those of the worlds at either Endpoint, and physics in the Empire of Unreason are unpredictable at best. Conduits can sometimes add in their own unique oddments too, usually variations on a theme of transience. The Flauros are a good example; they’re always changing in response to their surroundings, and they can’t spawn anywhere else,” she pointed to the wisps bobbing in the distance. “Some claim the Conduits themselves are actually sapient. They’re quite fascinating, really… but that’s a discussion for another time. Let’s get you back home so you can heal properly; we would have brought you back earlier, but the quirks of the Empire’s reality were necessary to stabilize you.”</p><p class="P6"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">I am home,” I rasped, tears flooding my vision again. “Please, please don’t send me back.”</span></p><p class="P3">Nymh’s eyes flashed to a heartsick indigo, and she dropped her gaze to her feet. “Physically, your home is earth, Mother. That can be changed with time, but not in your present weakened state.” She turned back to me, resolute and uncharacteristically grim, “I cannot accompany you, either.” Before I could register my distress, she laid a calming hand on my shoulder and said, “You are stronger than you know. We need you to survive just a little while longer without us. One earth month should be sufficient time for your body to heal enough to acclimate itself to the Empire, and for our bodies to mature enough to visit earth.”</p><p class="P6"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">Month?! What will I tell them?”</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">Nymh looked over me, off into the blackness at an enemy unseen and rage smoldered in her eyes. “You know they won’t care about your well-being. As for the integrity of their sacrifice, tell them you’ve come to understand their quest. It cost you dearly, but now you can be a dance partner before you are a sacrifice. However,” she winked conspiratorially at me, I think, “you’ll need time to recuperate before joining them in pursuit of obscenity.”</p><p class="P3">It might work. I didn’t have any better ideas, certainly, so I simply nodded my acquiescence. Gently, Nymh lifted me off the statue and carried me away into the darkness. I noticed that the wisps, called Flauros I suppose, gave her a wide berth whereas they had seemed attracted to me. “Why are they keeping away?” I whispered, pointing feebly towards the distant bobbing flames.</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">Nymh sighed and remained silent for so long I feared I had offended her somehow. Finally, she explained, “They’re afraid of me. The Flauros are essentially emotional parasites, feeding off the strong feelings of other life forms. How exactly this is accomplished, including how another creature’s feelings are transmitted and transformed into energy, is largely unknown. What is known is that they have a maximum capacity, and overrunning said capacity is fatal to them. Adderclypse are empathically networked, so a Flauros drawing from one of us is effectively drawing from all of us; this quickly overloads them. Further, emotion often takes variably physical forms in the Empire, and denizens thereof tend to bring its physical anomalies with them. Even if an Adderclypse had been separated from her sisters’ hearts, there’d be no telling what might happen if a Flauros tapped her emotions.</p><p class="P6"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">They can be irritating, so you’d think I’d be pleased to be free of them, but…” she sighed again, and I felt her whole body sag, as if weighed-down by far more than my negligible frame. “I’ve only lived for a few days, but already I’ve found many things that are afraid of me. I don’t like being feared; it makes me feel small, and alone. Fear is a poison, and like any poison it can be a useful tool in measured doses, but let it run according to its own devices and it will consume all it touches.” Her eyes took on the haunted cast of a tempest-tossed, iron-gray sea, lonesome and hopelessly vast. “Fear fractures the world. That said, while their fear makes my skin crawl, sometimes I can’t help but feel that they, along with everything else that fears us, are not nearly frightened enough.” She gazed back at the distant Flauros, who immediately withdrew into the void, and murmured, “I’m sure they’re not half as frightened of me as I am of myself.”/*getting a bit ham-fisted and expository here. Show, don’t tell, damn ye! At least go into WHY she’s afraid of herself, beyond the implication that it has to do with her startling sometimes-visage. It’s more than that, more along the lines of her fearing the madness and predatory instinct in herself and her sisters, as well the fact that the Godmaker, who is not kind and is in fact known for sadism, is extremely interested in them. Perhaps stuff for a second draft. Moving along…*/</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">Nymh stood silently for a moment, watching the Flauros’ retreat. Abruptly she turned away, brightening slightly, and groused, “On a more practical note, Flauros can be used as emotional batteries. It can be extremely useful to have a supply of molten envy or virulent lust at hand, detached from one’s own state of mind. Imperials generally need to use intermediary lifeforms to charge and discharge the Flauros to this end, since they won’t willingly interface with us. Ah! Here we are.”/*does using the word Imperials here make enough sense, given we’ve barely even referred to the EoU as an Empire? <span class="T14">Mrrrrgh</span>, first draft*/</p><p class="P3">I’d been so absorbed with watching my daughter’s face as she wrestled with her demons that I’d failed to notice the swirling, vertical pool of sapphire light growing ever brighter and larger as we neared our destination; the transition point. The way back. This direction, a gateway to nightmare. I felt empty; Nymh had already made it clear I had no choice but to return, alone. I was used to being empty, but not feeling it. I guess growing up in the hollow house had rendered me numb, and I’d forgotten how much despair can hurt. In that instant, and never again since, I wished fervently that I had never left my old withered existence of comfortably stagnant apathy. Enraged by my own weakness, I shook myself inwardly and resolved to weather this storm that I might meet the rest of my real family.</p><p class="P3">I didn’t argue or bargain or even plead further, but I did insist on finding out what a heartfelt hug feels like: as a dark blanket of earthly spiders gathered to bear me back whence I came, I grit my teeth against the pain wracking my body at every movement and threw my arms around Nymh’s neck. She smiled warmly and pulled me into a tight embrace. That moment of loving supportive solidarity, perfectly genuine in its simplicity, was the greatest of my life.</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">Without another word, Nymh laid me gently upon my arachnid escorts. We held each other’s gaze until they carried me through the portal and a wash of cerulean light dropped a crass veil of disappointment between us. I thought I saw a flash of black and white flame after the veil dropped, but the howling frost seized my attention before I could focus on it. &lt;todo&gt;add details about the predatory cold inside the portal; perhaps this time it isn’t as interested in her since she is no longer a novelty? I like the idea that this thing is like a dog with a new toy. Ooh, ooh or maybe it comes up on her like it did the first time, but after sniffing (the Architects on) her, cowers away&lt;/todo&gt;Once more it seized me and I braced myself for the tumbling onslaught I’d suffered on my last trip through the portal. None such came, however, and almost immediately after I felt it wrap around me, its presence disappeared entirely. Had it… fled? A moment of relatively peaceful bone-chilling cold and weightlessness passed, and then I was back at the bottom of the well./*what did the portal look like when she first found it? Should it still be there, or should the well be normal, making her wonder if she’d hallucinated the whole adventure? If the latter, how will she get out of the well without, presumably, a mess of spiders to carry her?*/</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P7"><span class="T5">September 20</span><span class="T9">th</span><span class="T5">, 2013: Violation of Dawn</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">My Love,</p><p class="P9">If the clock in my bedroom is correct, a month or so has passed on earth in the time I spent in the Conduit, which felt like mere hours. Mother was furious, and Father was… fury. /*I know this is diary format, but this would be a really good place to show rather than tell*/ Luckily their plans for me, combined with my grave injuries, conspired to shield me from much physical retribution; they directed it at each other instead. What’s that? You expected they would target Sister with deflected punishment before each other? As to that… Sister is dead. When they discovered I had gone missing, there patience broke and they went ahead with their plans for her /*what the hell were their plans exactly, other than EMO SACRIFICE? Was there a timeline in mind? Also, what the hell is daily life supposed to be like for these poor girls? That last could maybe be hand-waved away to the /dev/null of suspension of disbelief, but the first point seems like a plot hole*/. Her sacrifice was supposed to be drawn-out, precise, and methodical. Instead, like the Maenads of old their ecstasy bled into violent extremity and by the time it was over it looked like Sister had been torn apart by wild animals — the carnage in the basement, which they left to fester, was sickening. Her blood, trickling steadily down into the well and any other subterranean orifice that would have it, was the first sight that greeted me as I emerged back ‘home’.&lt;todo&gt;consider removing most of the previous paragraph, since it doesn’t make sense with what I wound up writing re: Violet’s re-intro to Mother, and I like what I came up with on the fly better.  I’d just merge the thing about first sight being blood dripping down into the well and then guess that it was sister, which’d be confirmed when Sister is nowhere to be found in the house later. I would like to work in that line about any subterranean orifice that would have [her blood], though.&lt;/todo&gt; </p><p class="P9">The second sight was the plain cold stone wall behind me, where there should have been a hollow hosting a glowing mirror; that mirror would have promised safe passage back to my daughters, and though I clawed at the stones until my nails lay in bloody shards at my feet, no hollow revealed itself. I’m not crazy, though! Well, maybe I’m a little crazy, but I didn’t imagine everything: a writhing blanket of spiders fussed about me, curious and concerned.</p><p class="P3">After I was satisfied that the mirror was unattainable or perhaps, somehow, no longer present (but NOT that it had never been!), I nodded to the arachnid swell. They surged under my feet and formed a sort of chair-like construct, in which I gratefully sat; panic’s energy tab was being called-in by my mutilated body, and my legs were wobbling alarmingly. </p><p class="P9">A harness of interlinked spiders immediately criss-crossed my chest and closed over my thighs, binding me in place against gravity, that relentless downer.  A soft whisper as thousands of eight-fold legs danced the incredibly complex jig needed to orient their owners and their burden normal to the wall, and then we began to rise.  The transition from vertical to horizontal was practically seamless, as the surplus spiders buoyed-up their fellows during the surface change-over to make it as smooth as possible for me; from my perspective, the world simply turned sideways with dreamlike grace and my hair suddenly flowed straight back from my head, as if in a high wind.</p><p class="P3">There was a slight jolt as my bearers calibrated their motion to cooperatively carry such a disproportionate load directly against the pull of gravity.  I mean, I’m not exactly heavy for a human, but they’re spiders, not ants; one can only expect so much. After they worked out the mechanics, our vertical progress out of the well was quite rapid and comfortable.  I felt like a queen, not just of arachnids but also the very laws of nature -- with the dynamic gradient of support proffered by the spiders under my back, it felt very much like I was simply floating weightlessly up and out.</p><p class="P3">Also like a dream, the extraordinary experience dissipated practically as soon as I was aware of it, as we reached the lip of the well in no time at all.  The moment we were horizontal again, some spell shattered and my escort flowed out from beneath me in a thousand frenzied directions. I was dropped lightly to my feet, and the care I took not to crush any of my erstwhile friends was less than necessary, as most of the horde had melded imperceptibly into the shadows by the time I’d regained my locomotive agency.  Feeling my knees go weak again almost immediately, I stumbled to Father’s workbench and leaned over it for support. I tried with all my might not to note that the ground beneath my feet had gone from packed earth to something wet and sticky, with irregular soft chunks throughout. /*is it reasonable that she didn’t see her sister’s remains upon coming over the edge of the well?*/</p><p class="P9">Scorching rays of brazen afternoon sun streamed in through the narrow cellar windows and rent its cool shadows asunder, forcing me to shield my eyes.  In my haste to look away from the sunlight, I found myself studying the movements of the last lingering spiders; I noted, frowning, several larger specimens preying upon the smaller ones now that their fellowship had dissolved.  Something about the perfectly natural cruelty endogenous to this flow of events rankled with me. Grim apotheosis filling me with a sickening sort of satisfaction, I stamped the bullies into paste and the ‘lesser’ creatures escaped to live and breed by my will, in defiance of Nature.  It is a wonder, Love, how sympathy can be so savage. Or is it? </p><p class="P9">This moderately murderous exertion proved too much for my weakened frame, and I had to catch myself on a support pillar.  A few moments of sweating and swooning with eyes shut tight, and I was sufficiently refreshed to lurch back to my arbitrarily chosen, yet somehow comforting, position against the workbench.  From there I swiveled my gaze around the edges and corners of the floor, trying to avoid moving my spinning head, to check on the spiders’ exodus.</p><p class="P9">In a matter of several heart-wrenching seconds, my entourage had disappeared into the myriad hidden places beyond the reach of humans and other bumbling giants.  It’s a whole other world at that scale, one which I can never be a part of. Shame, really. Anyway, with my little friends gone, I was alone again. This being my natural state, it felt like something of an unhappy homecoming.  For a solid minute after there was nothing more to see, I continued to stare determinedly at the places the spiders had fled to; I was unwilling to shatter the suffocatingly cozy stillness of these precious transitional moments of subjective reality when nothing is quite real.  I barely dared to breathe, which, in hindsight, may have accounted for some of the aforementioned suffocation.</p><p class="P9">Finally, I took a deep breath to steady my nerves and looked down at the mess underfoot.  Warm blood may be stomach-churning, but nothing quite compares to the Death’s caress chill of cold blood.  Even without the tufts of her gorgeous honey-gold locks strewn haphazardly about, I could’ve guessed that I was standing in the remains of Sister.  Said decadent gold befouled by clouds of buzzing flies and worse vermin is a truer form for Sister than she ever held in life; it strikes me that this literal symbology is exactly what a meta is for. /*shout out to KoA’s Dark Horse parody!  Ah, the halcyon days of KoA*/ </p><p class="P9_borderEnd">I was not surprised that Mother and Father failed (I presume?) to wait until their plans for Sister had come to fruition, especially with my disappearance upsetting their sense of control.  /*ugh, I hate this. I just wanted to get rid of the sister character because she serves no more purpose, and the reader knows it. Whatever, first draft*/ I did feel mildly surprised, however, by how little her death affected me; all I can think about is the harsh reality that with Sister gone, I suspect I’m due on the chopping block.  I had always heard that losing a family member is supposed to evoke grief or shock, but all I feel is the iron grip of inevitability tightening around my life. Does that make me evil, or simply selfish? No matter, the only part of this business that leaves my skin crawling is the fact that the pitiful compassion of the totally self-absorbed is likely what enables Mother and Father to commit their atrocities. Drawing parallel with them in any capacity always sends a shiver down my spine.</p><p class="P12"><span class="T5">Turning toward the traitorous stairs that allow just anyone to traverse between the realm of shadows and crawling things in the basement, my realm, to the chaos above, I lurched toward destiny.  Each ancient wooden step produced an almost human shriek, which I probably should have found creepy. Instead, I wondered if the objects we surround ourselves with can develop a memory of some sort after bearing witness to our lives and carrying our burdens with us for untold generations; could the old stairs be parroting dear Sister’s final moments?  If so, would they be commiserating or mocking? Climbing was a symphony of aches and sharp, tearing agony throughout my entire body, so the possibility that the old wood might actually be reacting to my suffering flitted briefly through my mind; I dismissed this notion as ridiculous, of course, since wooden stairs obviously can’t be empathetic in real time -- </span><span class="T7">that</span><span class="T10"> </span><span class="T5">would be preposterous! /*I love the deep weird right alongside the snarky ‘okay this romantic/metaphorical/symbolic stuff is getting a mite silly’ quip -- really breaks the 4th in a subtle sort of way*/</span></p><p class="P9_borderStart">After a small eternity and copious breaks to catch my breath, I found myself at the door to the hollow house.  Just as I was girding my loins to open the door and meet whatever fell surprises had congealed in my absence, the door opened from the other side.  There stood Mother, her grooming and dress immaculate as always, staring at me in open-mouthed shock. I was in a precarious position and we both knew it: standing weak-kneed at the top of a steep staircase that loomed above an unforgiving concrete floor.  One little push and I’d be with Sister, wherever she’s burning. I could see the wheels spinning in her mind, and her hand twitched a few times, but shock or indecisiveness kept me alive long enough to wheeze out Nymh’s suggested plea.</p><p class="P11">“<span class="T13">I’ve learned to dance!  I can be an active part of it, now; a partner before I’m a sacrifice.  How long has it been since you and Father could share what you’ve built with anyone else?”</span></p><p class="P9">Mother started and blinked silently at me for a few heartbeats, then swept me into her arms and pulled me level with her.  It was not a hug, certainly, more of an assertion -- her left arm snaked around my back, holding me in a proprietary grip of iron entitlement, while her right hand slithered between my legs.  There she cupped my sex, alternately hungrily probing at it and simply reveling in the smooth warmth. Her teeth no more than a millimeter from my ear, she purr-growled, “You can’t imagine how dearly I’ve wanted another woman in our dance.”/*Hmm, do I really want to get into sapphic (at least) incest?  I feel like there’s quite enough sexuality in this story already, and it doesn’t serve a huge purpose, except maybe to be an open door to the Mother actually coming to have genuine affection for Violet; said affection is kinda key to what ‘hatches’ the Flauros that hitched a ride with Violet back to Earth.*/</p><p class="P9">Sensing an attack surface, I seized upon her distraction and aimed to amplify it: I lifted my hands, both feeling as heavy as lead weights, to her chest and took hold of her breasts.  Only a tentative caress at first, to show appropriate supplication, but with vigor and urgency when she moved into my touch. I will never lie to you, Love, even by omission, so let me confess that my hunger was not altogether theatric.  Mother is significantly more ‘alphabetically’ gifted than me, at least for certain size-obsessed values of ‘gifted’. She’s more top-heavy, anyway, which apparently I enjoy. I wonder if it’s just the vicarious appeal or genuine sapphic lust?  Probably both. </p><p class="P9">Mother had gone silent, merely breathing in the moment as her heart raced under my hand.  I pressed my advantage, saying, “The learning curve was steep, however, and less than gentle.  My body is ravaged, and I must take time to heal before I can be of service.” I looked into her eyes then, and put on the best poker-face of my life in the desperate hope that she might not see, or might choose to disregard, the obvious evasion and self-interest in my words. </p><p class="P9">To my great surprise, she smiled at me.  Genuine, almost warm (well, for her). “I remember those growing pains myself.  Days and days at a time laid-up in bed, wrapped head-to-toe in bloody bandages. Well, it felt like head-to-toe, anyway; your coverage looks rather more literally full-body.  My encounter took place in a candle-lit abandoned warehouse, where I had been painting every arcane symbol I could find in every occult text I could get my hands on using the blood of sacrificed cats and dogs and my own nude body as a canvas.  This had been a regular practice of mine throughout my young adulthood, but nothing had ever come of it prior to one summer day, its mocking beauty hateful in its emptiness, when I was feeling particularly distraught. I was there to kill myself, I think, if only the echoes of my angst answered my calls again for the billionth time.  I had been praying through my sobs for some transcendental beast to come forth and prove that this world of suffering is not simply an amalgam of the noisome fury of so many psychotic masochistic apes, and just as I was despairing that our lives are truly as empty as they seem, a uniquely substantial beast found me. It was your father, in fact, but the things he did to me that day… I remain convinced that he was ridden by something greater and more foul than any mere human could hope to be.  My life was saved and given purpose that day, and we’ve been together ever since./*how much do I want to delve into the Mother and Father’s past? I kinda wanted to skirt around that so as to reasonably keep the detail short. It makes sense that Violet wouldn’t know unless I explicitly have them tell her in the context of these events. I don’t want to skip boulders, but it might be interesting to detail the parents more; specifically I was thinking maybe they met at a some kinda cult gathering or maybe Mother was trying to worship obscenity on her own and happened to be found in a vulnerable state by Father, he took advantage of that state, and she assumed he was in fact the beast she’d tried to summon (after a fashion)?*/What was yours like?  Who answered your cries to the darkness?” </p><p class="P9">There’s no ‘right’ answer to a question like that, but I wagered there might be a correct one.  “Spiders. I wanted something to provide an escape from the catatonic husk I was, a way out of my stagnant and empty world.  A way out of this house and away from you. A way home. </p><p class="P11">“<span class="T13">I had been variably directing demands, hopes, wishes, and prayers for this gift to whatever might be listening for as long as I can remember.  The night that you deafened Sister, though, I was convinced I would die without it. On that desperate night my wish was granted, after a fashion: spiders poured from every shadow in the cellar and swarmed over me.  I couldn’t see, but it felt as if I left the basement and maybe even the earth. They transformed me with the gift of pain, shredding the worthless shell of humanity which I had come to despise, and forcing me to face my inner self.  Looking upon her, I realized that this is exactly where I need to be to truly escape the wretch I was. This is home, to what I am becoming. To what I must become.”</span></p><p class="P9_borderEnd">I knew from the shine in her eyes and her enthusiastic nodding that my weird little lie had been sufficiently melodramatic to catch Mother’s interest.  I have no doubt that she didn’t fully believe me, but she was sufficiently aroused, in every way possible, to grant me respite. I can only assume she mistakenly thought she had all the time in the world to convert and/or kill me as she pleased.  Whatever the case, she ushered me off to bed with food and drink and I felt about as safe going to sleep in that house as I ever have.</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P7"><span class="T5">October 19</span><span class="T9">th</span><span class="T5">, 2013: Hopeful Twilight</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">My Love,</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">My month of convalescence went reasonably smoothly; Father was eager to bring me into their activities, or at least take advantage of my prone state, but Mother was bizarrely protective.  Almost like a mother. Her protests are becoming less forceful, however, and I suspect she is growing impatient. According to Nymh’s estimate I should be fit enough to return to her and my other daughters as soon as tomorrow.  Unfortunately, I have no idea how to contact her. She didn’t elaborate on how or when exactly I could travel back to them or expect them to travel here; she merely implied that she or her sisters could travel to earth in a month.  Since I’m definitely going to making the permanent migration to their world, I assume she meant that she will come fetch me… but I can’t be certain. Tomorrow night, after the wardens have fallen to somnolence, I will explore the well again.  Perhaps Nymh will be able to reach me there? &lt;todo&gt;do we care about having the encounter on Halloween? I didn’t plan for it to be that way, but I kinda like it. I kinda like it a lot. Perhaps we should push back the earlier dates so that Violet can reach the month point and then start trying to reach out to Nymh.  She’ll fail, and the attempts will culminate with her lowering herself into the well, still failing to reach Nymh, getting stuck, and getting discovered as obviously fit and eager for dark pursuits by Mother. This could be on Halloween and Mother could arrange for killing a policeman or anybody really to bring Violet into the fold, which could in turn be the catalyst the Flauros needs to metamorphose into the Id Beast.  When Violet succeeds in summoning Nymh, it will be because she was terminally desperate and, perhaps, because something about Halloween makes dimensional alignment/re-alignment easier? Or maybe the Godmaker simply wouldn’t let Nymh return of her own accord and Violet’s backed-into-a-corner will was required to pull Nymh to earth? Certainly, Nymh would not have actually abandoned Violet, though Violet may come to this conclusion depending on how shitty we want her future to be after the story ends… I was planning to have her be the Mother of Horror and serve mostly as a relatively content dream/chaos battery (a urandom if you will) for the Empire, with occasional periods of wakefulness where she leads her daughters the Adderclypse.&lt;/todo&gt;</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P7"><span class="T5">October 20</span><span class="T9">th</span><span class="T5">, 2013: Desperate Dawn</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">My Love,</p><p class="P3">She isn’t answering!  I’ve been waiting at the edge of the well and calling for Nymh as quietly as I can, given my mounting panic, but I haven’t heard or felt anything in reply.  I feel certain she would have given me at least a sign if she could, so what does the silence imply?! Is she unable to reach me? Am I unable to reach her? These seemingly insurmountable problems are nothing compared to what my hateful pessimism (realism?) is whispering to me, that Nymh has forgotten me already.  Why should I believe otherwise? I’m not even certain she exists; the whole episode could have been some sort of fever dream. If I spent a month having a fit in the basement, Mother and Father may have indulged chaos and torment by keeping me alive through it, and they certainly wouldn’t alert me to incongruity in my own reckoning of events upon my waking.</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">Curse my pathetic frailty!  If I’d been able to linger longer in the Conduit, Nymh could have devised a detailed plan for our reunion and I would know exactly when, how, and where to expect her.  As it is, all I have are implications floating ephemerally about in a vacuum of purpose, with doubt as my only tether to ground. Bah! I must find some spiders...</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P7"><span class="T5">October 25</span><span class="T9">th</span><span class="T5">, 2013: Irrepressible Noon</span></p><p class="P3_borderStart">My Love,</p><p class="P3">As if to mock my hopelessness, the sun burns in suburbia this week with all the relentless fury it generally reserves for the most desolate deserts.  Nymh has not contacted me, and I cannot seem to contact her. It seems foolish to say I’ve tried everything I can think of since I have no idea what I’m doing, but I have shouted and screamed and cried and prayed before the well in an effort to reach her, all to no avail.  I have tried to recreate the circumstances that led to my being drawn to the well and the spiders clearing it for me, but nothing circumstantial has broken the obstinate mundanity of the basement. </p><p class="P9">I’ve captured dozens of spiders and whispered my wishes to them, allowing them to traverse every inch of my flesh to their little hearts’ content.  It’s not lovely and intimate like last time, though; they all simply try to escape from me, or devour one another. After several hours I found myself surrounded by goo and twitching legs, with only a few fat wolf spiders still alive to waddle off into the dark corners.  Plus, now I’m sore from all the spider bites. I actually feel kind of glowy, too, though. I hope Nymh and her sisters’ father isn’t the jealous type. </p><p class="P9">Running low on crazy ideas, I even went so far as to slit my wrist and let the tourniquet hang loose long enough to convince my body that death was imminent so as to reproduce the feelings of desperate need that I felt the night Mother deafened Sister.  How could Nymh ignore me pouring out my life’s blood for her?! </p><p class="P9_borderEnd">The obvious answer is that she either cannot sense me or never existed to begin with.  The answer my demons press upon me is that she has forgotten me already. I can’t decide which terrible conclusion is worse, but the point is moot because I can’t live with any of them.  My only hope is that Nymh cannot sense me now, but she will be able to if I can just find the right way to reach out to her. I will continue my preliminary efforts for the next few days, such that I can keep Mother and Father placated.  On Halloween, I will lower myself into the well once more and try everything over again right in front of the erstwhile intersection point between our worlds. If my efforts still fail... I can think of no better day to pass into another world, one way or another.</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P3_borderStart">Whatever comes, know that I will never leave you.  I will find you again afterwards, in dream or death.</p><p class="P3">All my love,</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">Violet   </p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P3_borderStart">&lt;todo&gt;how are we going to reconcile Nymh’s absence with her desire to help Violet?  Maybe the Godmaker kept knowledge of Violet’s desperation from Nymh and/or forcibly stopped her from traveling to earth? If so, why?  Maybe he just wanted to see how far Violet could be pushed… Regardless, Nymh or the Godmaker or both will need to weigh-in to make this make sense.&lt;/todo&gt;</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">&lt;todo&gt;more attempts with spiders!&lt;/todo&gt;</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P3_borderStart">&lt;consider&gt;architects as coalescence of stars into new and horrible constellation prior to breaking through/becoming the sky?  If so, be sure to have all the visible stars in the sky used for this purpose, such that everything that isn’t horrible architect is the arguably even more horrible space between the stars -- utter emptiness&lt;/consider&gt;</p><p class="P9">October 31st: At the End of All Things</p><p class="P3">Dearest Love,</p><p class="P3">Even as I write this, I can hear Mother and Father pounding on the locked basement door.  Each thump shakes loose dust, sand hemorrhaging from an hourglass to me. My time grows short as the pathetic shriek of scrap wood tearing away from cardboard announces the door’s feeble resistance buckling beneath their mounting agitation.  Good thing I thought to reinforce it with several forgotten boards from beneath Father’s workbench.</p><p class="P3">I knew I would be making noise, and I knew I would be missed eventually… and that I could not suffer interruption.  The doorway at the bottom of the well is gone. I clawed the mortar from between the stones and removed them (along with the bloody remains of my fingernails) only to find bare earth beyond; there’s no trace of the alcove or the mysterious mirror or its haunting purple gems.  I dug a solid meter into the earth to make certain it had not been covered in a cave-in, but there is definitely nothing where the mirror once stood.</p><p class="P3">In desperation, I removed all the stones from the walls of the well ranging from the bottom of the pit to as high as I could reach above my head, and still I have found nothing.  The remaining structure shudders ominously every time I breathe, and rains stone shrapnel upon my sorrow when Mother and Father pound on the door above. Setting hope for the mirror aside, I tried my pleading and praying in the newly-dug hollow where the mirror should have been, and have met only emptiness.  I even brought a bit of what I’m almost certain is/was Sister’s ear down with me and burned it, that I might breath her atomized filth again and perhaps unlock some necessary necromantic magic. That succeeded in making me vomit, but little else.</p><p class="P9">My last idea is to push myself as close as possible to death in order to fully replicate the need I felt the night Sister was deafened.  Since opening my veins under controlled-ish circumstances wasn’t enough, I’ve decided I need to forego any sort of tourniquet this time. However, I want the process to be as slow as possible to give Nymh a chance to answer my call, and also I’d like it to be reversible in case she does find me.  Most importantly, I want to actually die if she doesn’t come. To that end, I’ve decided to open paper-thin cuts length-wise along my left wrist only, but also daub a topical anti-coagulant onto them. A chair I dropped down earlier should let my arm dangle, and allow gravity to assist to a configurable degree.  This combination should kill me slowly, but surely. </p><p class="P9">I also scoured the woods nearby for 108 spiders because WHY NOT?!  They’ll drown in my blood if they don’t help me reach Nymh, so they’d better get to whatever it is they did last time.  Or they’ll escape up the walls because spiders can do that. Well, maybe some will panic and forget.</p><p class="P9_borderEnd">The razor is held between my teeth while I write this, and since my nerves have never been steadier I can only surmise that its quivering is born of its own anticipation.  Vicious things, razors. If Nymh does not answer, this will be my final entry.</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P3_borderStart">Goodbye for now.</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">Violet</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P3_borderStart">October 31st: The Lingering Eternity Crawling Towards Midnight</p><p class="P3">My Love,</p><p class="P3">I failed.  Just as my vision was dying, just as my heart was slowing to a terminal rest, just as I could almost hear the frantic keening that the spiders’ skittering suggested they’d emit if they had the necessary vocal chords, just as our combined depth of despair summoned Nymh’s anachronistic humming at the edge of consciousness, Mother swept down and pulled me back into her reality.  My first assumption was that I underestimated her hunger for my suffering, or perhaps for my part in their dance. She jumped down into the well without a second thought, and broke both ankles in the process, and thus was able to staunch the current of blood bearing me away from her grasp once and for all. Now I am uncertain. I think I may have underestimated her in a more fundamental, profound way.  Her behavior in the hours since has… reminded me of Nymh. Excuse me a moment, I must vomit.</p><p class="P9">It is love, I think, though I am certainly no expert.  I don’t understand it, but its touch is unmistakable. Do not fret, Love; I have not become sympathetic to their position.  My conviction to leave this place and join my daughters has not waned. Mother’s love is twisted inextricably with her obsession with the obscene.  Also, in general. I think she never considered Sister or me to be her children before, and, now I am more than a sacrifice to her, she is learning what it feels like to have a daughter.  I am not entirely inexperienced in this regard, and I can understand that this revelation would affect her. The question now is not whether she will embrace these new feelings; that is axiomatic.  The question is: in what manner will she embrace them? </p><p class="P9_borderEnd">As  much as I don’t care to, I fear I will have no choice but to find out.  I am confined to my bedroom, which has been stripped of all possible implements of self-destruction.  Father wanted to bind me to the bed, but Mother saw the lustful glint in his eyes and wouldn’t allow it.  It is true that I didn’t reach quite the threshold of death I intended to traverse below, but I came close and still Nymh did not answer my cries.  I must concede -- she is not coming for me. I am lost.</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P3_borderStart">Pray for me,</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">Violet</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P3">&lt;todo&gt;so, ah, now what?  I guess Mother would be motivated to soothe Violet’s apparent distress, and also bring her fully into the dance.  That could be a “reasonable” vector for bringing in an innocent snackrifice and creating the catalyst the rogue Flauros needs to metamorphose into the Id Beast.  The real kreshion is how do we handle telling the last part of this tale in diary format? It’s gonna be very action-packed, unlike the rest, and therefore doesn’t quite fit the retrospective perspective.  Maybe Violet should just leave a bloody handprint or something for her final entry on earth, and then do a retrospective from her dreaming in the EoU that details everything she saw at the end as a recurring nightmare.&lt;/todo&gt;</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P3_borderStart">October 31st: Midnight Transformation</p><p class="P3">Anyone and everyone,</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">There’s so much blood.  I didn’t know she could force me to dance.  I don’t think she knew it, either. But here we are, dancing, as the world burns around us.</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P3_borderStart">I’m sorry for everything,</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">Violet?</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P3_borderStart">1st Day of the Adderclypse: Dreaming</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">My Love,</p><p class="P12"><span class="T5">The start of my darling daughters’ month of power always brings with it a nightmare to disturb my dreaming.  I suspect The Godmaker injects it into my mind. Perhaps to keep me grounded, perhaps to focus my imagination on matters of interest to him.  Or perhaps because he loves nothing better than to witness suffering. He is juvenile in many ways, callous, cruel, and apparently immune to wisdom gleaned from his lofty perspective above divinity.  At least, I hope -- the thought that </span><span class="T7">this</span><span class="T10"> </span><span class="T5">is wisdom chills my blood.  Assuming I still have blood; I’m not quite sure anymore.  Regardless, I have him to thank for my daughters and my new home… after a fashion.  I’m getting ahead of myself. First, let me illuminate that last dark chapter in my earthly life.</span></p><p class="P9_borderStart">Mother came for me just before midnight.  “You’re desperate, I know,” she crooned. “Desperate to understand yourself and this life and to be what you can feel yourself becoming!  Transformation is necessary, but suicide is not the only metamorphic catalyst. Death is one of the most potent, categorically, but it need not be quite so final, for you at least.  To that end, I’ve caught a gift for you.”</p><p class="P9">I followed her without protest.  What good would sitting in my stripped room do?  She led me wordlessly past Father, whose mouth was awash in blood and who was leering at me hungrily, on the ground floor.  She didn’t seem to notice him, even when his breathing grew rapid and labored in our desirable presence. As Mother led me down the basement steps, I could feel his eyes glued to my rump with all the merciless tenacity (and desirability) of a pair of leeches.</p><p class="P9_borderEnd">&lt;todo&gt;Now then, what has Mother done?  I think a snackrifice after the fashion of the two little girls murdered in Green Mile (i.e. he killed them with their love) could work, except no child rape, please.  Or any rape, ideally. I think some play on the ‘A is told to do/not do X to prevent Y from happening to B, and B is told to do/not do X to prevent Y happening to A’ altruistic catch-22 thing plus the fact that this whole ugly business is how Mother is realizing her love for her daughter for the first time would be sufficiently metal to proc the Metamorphosis.  Another mother and daughter, perhaps, whose love for one another is rather less steeped in obscenity than Mother’s for Violet?&lt;/todo&gt;</p><p class="P12"><span class="T5">I wonder what it means that, upon seeing two women bloody, bound, and gagged in my basement, my first reaction was irritation at the invasion of my domain by strangers.  I didn’t even gasp, nor did my eyes widen. I expected something horrible, and that’s exactly what I found. I tried to summon sympathy for them -I knew sympathetic was the least of what I </span><span class="T7">should</span><span class="T10"> </span><span class="T5">be feeling- but in truth there was no room in my heart for any feelings beyond the suffocating press of inevitability.  Instead of feeling for them, or helping them, I looked to Mother to advance the plot I was utterly powerless to escape.</span></p><p class="P11_borderStart">“<span class="T13">These are a mother and daughter or comparable age and even appearance to you and me,” Mother said, her voice higher-pitched than normal and nearly vibrating with excitement.  “They love each other very much. I’ve been tracking them all month, and I’m certain of that fact. Your transformative catalyst shall be their deaths by your hand.”</span></p><p class="P3">&lt;todo&gt;why would Violet play along?  She was just trying to kill herself, so what could Mother threaten her with that would motivate her to dance?  Maybe an even worse death for the prey at the hands of Mother and Father?&lt;/todo&gt; </p><p class="P3">I looked between the prey-women and Mother, doubtfully.  I was certain that Nymh was lost to me, so why should I play along with Mother’s twisted dance?  She smelled the uncertainty and the lies on me, and her nostrils flared.</p><p class="P4">“<span class="T13">Don’t you wish to be what you are becoming?  Or are you still a larva, pretending at metamorphosis?  No matter, I have felt what we could be and I will not let you stagnate.  You will dance, child, for the same reason I do: the dance has found you. You are powerless to resist the lure of true savagery!”  She flashed me a toothy grimace full of promises and continued, “In more concrete terms, if you don’t kill them, I will let Father have them.  You cannot imagine what will become of them then, but I’m sure it is nauseating even to try. You may become a killer yourself, flush with mercy despite that fact that they will die cursing you, and transform.  Or, you may become a killer by proxy, merciless and disaffected, and they will live for a short and unspeakably terrible time cursing you before they die all the same, and transform.”</span></p><p class="P3">I considered my options: Father’s workbench was festooned with tools that were wickedly perfect for improvised weaponry.  However, Father was leering down at us from the steps, a short sprint away, and Mother watched me with a cat’s eyes, cognizant of every movement and seemingly aware of my thoughts before I was.  Both were too close for me to have time to search for and wield an impromptu weapon against them with any finesse.</p><p class="P3">Thankfully, a weapon requiring no finesse whatsoever was already in sight.  If I could get my hands on the all-too-explicable blood-rusted meathook resting directly behind Mother and out of her sight, I could potentially disable her and turn to intercept Father before he could reach me.  That way, I’d be able to mildly menace him for a second before he inevitably overpowered and killed me.</p><p class="P3">With little wiggle room and, frankly, fed-up with my usual cowardly and/or well-reasoned approach to life (which had developed something of an unfortunate track record), I decided to try something different: I turned to face Mother, and took off my clothes.  I wished fervently that I’d shaved, or that Mother would turn out to be a fan of the fuzzy. Moreover, I hoped all my interspecies-motherhood scarring didn’t cover too much of the fun stuff; I hadn’t really spent much time in front of a mirror since my first trip down the well.  Behind me, I heard an intake of breath like the death-knell hiss of atmosphere seized through a spacecraft hull breach, torn away from longing lungs to feed the insatiable hunger of the void -- I guess Father liked what he saw. Mother mostly kept her composure, though her eyes widened noticeably.   Taking advantage of their unbalance, I lunged forward and embraced Mother. I’ve watched as much as I can stand of her dancing with Father on occasion through the house’s network of peepholes (that’s a normal thing for a house to have, right?), and I know a few of her favorite foreplay items. A kiss with tongue just behind her ear, for instance, which I then employed.  She gasped and shuddered, and for a moment I thought she might be functionally distracted. However, she only entertained my advances for a few seconds before pushing me roughly away, her hands studiously only touching my shoulders.</p><p class="P11">“<span class="T13">Nice try.  It’s already worked on your father,” she noted wryly, pointing to the stairs.  I turned to look and immediately turned back, blushing; Father was stroking a truly monstrous penis, his eyes fixed somehow on every inch of me at once. &lt;todo&gt;Porkins: stay on target&lt;/todo&gt;  “Such tactics are much less reliable when used against women, you’ll find. One of our many points of superiority. Anyway, I want my daughter in my bed, and you are not yet her.” She pointed at the prey and folded her arms meaningfully.</span></p><p class="P9">Well, strike another tactic off the list.  Although, I realized, Father was now otherwise-occupied.&lt;todo&gt;basically what I’m going for here is for Violet to put up whatever fight she can before acquiescing(?) to Mother’s dance req&lt;/todo&gt;  Time for a different uncomfortable and unfamiliar (and inadvisable) tactic: I sighed and feigned stepping towards the prey. Without turning my head towards her, I pivoted on my heel and bull-rushed Mother.  She collided hard with the workbench and let out a howl of surprised pain. Before she could retaliate, I reached blindly around behind her and grabbed at the meathook… only to discover it had shifted positions in the crash.  I missed it by inches, and Mother left me no opportunity to try a second time -- she slapped me across the face with all her might, and I fell to the ground seeing stars. A steel-toed boot collided with my ribcage, and I felt more than a few splinter in a concerto of agony.  When I tried to scream, only a whimper and a gout of blood issued forth. I was finding it very difficult, and excruciating, to breathe. A second kick sent me rolling under the workbench, where a surge of adrenaline allowed me the clarity necessary to pull an errant stool between my body and Father’s boot.  </p><p class="P11">“<span class="T13">Stop!” Mother screamed.  “You’ll kill her. Have faith; she is our spawn, and she is transforming whether she wishes it or not.  I never really believed she was becoming our daughter on her own -- we have to intercept the metamorphosis and twist it to our ends.  This process will be difficult, and resistance is to be expected. She must be handled gently but firmly. Since ‘gentle’ is not in your lexicon, best leave me to the task.  However, you’re free to intercede if I lose control.”</span></p><p class="P9">This last was directed under the workbench, at me, as a threat.  If I actually succeeded in overpowering Mother, Father had leave to kill me.  Hm. It became clear to me that these new bold strategies were failing even more thoroughly than my usual cocoon thing.  Also, the deep velvet shadows beneath the workbench simply oozed ‘cozy burrow’, so I decided to hunker down.</p><p class="P11">“<span class="T13">Oh for the love of tortured tears, now she’s dug-in under there like some sort of stubborn mole,” Mother sighed.</span></p><p class="P11">“<span class="T13">Let me get her!  She cannot escape my grasp.”  Father’s voice practically vibrated with anticipation.</span></p><p class="P11">“<span class="T13">You won’t be able to let her go once you’ve got your hands on her, you brainless man.  Anyway, I think we’ve forced this situation enough already. At least some of the transformative energy must come from her, willingly.  Probably. Play with our prey instead, and we’ll just see what she does.”</span></p><p class="P9">A grumbling hiss from Father, and in an instant he was upon the prey-women bodily, tearing at their raiment like a violently avaricious child attacking overly-adorned Christmas presents.  At the rate he was revealing soft curvy woman-flesh, allowing for a predictable several-second pause every few seconds to take in their increasingly glorious nudity, I estimated maybe thirty seconds before ‘mere’ mental scarring became their best hope.   </p><p class="P9">I’m so useless. Cowering in the shadows, fretting about impending murder and worse committed on my behalf and entirely paralyzed to do anything about it.  Shaking myself mentally, I took stock of my immediate surroundings: I could tell from Mother’s stance that she had moved to the stairs and was angled to face the ensuing carnage while keeping a clear eye on my hiding spot under the workbench.  I could also see that she was casually caressing the rusty blade of the meathook I had intended to use on her. Nothing else at hand but shadows, dust, spiders, and the wooden stool I still clutched like some idiot child. Any buffer between my world and theirs was something of a floatation device in these strange, roiling, oily seas, and I was unwilling to let it go.</p><p class="P9">They keep talking about transformation.  Perhaps there’s something to that, if not (I pray) in the manner they expect -- I have hated myself for as long as I can remember, but I felt love for all things, even, a bit, for myself during my fleeting moments with Nymh.  What would she do? No, I must be more self-reliant. What would she wish for me to do, here in this madness? Anything more than nothing.</p><p class="P9">Just then an over-fed wolf spider about the size of my fist ambled over to my hand and bit me amicably.  His comparatively tiny fangs were not quite enough to give me much of a thrill on their own during penetration, but I appreciated his enthusiasm.  If time and scooching-space allowed, we could certainly jazz. I named him Wooly Wally. Unfortunately, arguably one-sided interspecies intimacy would have to wait for another time; minimalist decency called for more grim action.  Decency is no fun. Smiling sadly at the hapless not-so-little-thank-you-very-much-ma’am fellow, I scooped him up and swiftly hurled him at Mother’s smug face. She was certainly impressed with his size -- she shrieked and dropped the meathook to claw at her face and hair, in which Wally was now gleefully (or in a panicked manner, it’s hard to figure arachnid affect) becoming entangled as he skittered, with both hands.  I wonder if I might be a size queen?</p><p class="P11">“<span class="T13">This is my world, and you are not welcome here!”  bellowed someone with a voice remarkably like and yet entirely unlike my own as I slid out from beneath the workbench and fetched-up the meathook in one fluid motion (or as fluid as my screaming rib fractures would allow).</span></p><p class="P9">&lt;todo&gt;I’m thinking Violet’s going to grab some of the overfed wolf spiders she accidentally cultivated earlier and fling them at Mother, then take the meathook and go to town on Father.  The prey could escape, and the Flaurous might still hatch without all the super downer melodrama we’d planned earlier because Violet would still have transformed, and would still be dancing with Mother, after a fashion.  She would glory in the kill while taking Father apart, bit by despicably tumescent ‘bit’. Alternatively, it could hatch simply from Violet slaying Mother, if Mother made the right comment about seeing herself in Violet or the transformation being complete in response to the satisfaction in Violet’s eyes as she kills the woman who gave her life.  That’s pretty metal, plus this bitch had it coming.&lt;/todo&gt; </p><p class="P9">As Mother was occupied by my eight-legged and momentary best-boyfriend, and Father had barely slowed his molestation in reaction to Mother’s cry, I made a beeline for him.  Just as he unveiled the prey-daughter’s sex and was lining up his club-like appendage to ruin it, my hook flashed in the vengefully dim basement light and came down with a soft sound like bursting melon into the nape of his neck.  I yanked hard, and as his spine bulged grotesquely outward toward me like the world’s most unwelcome erection, he twitched once and went limp.</p><p class="P9">Having miraculously gained a mote of common sense for the moment, I swiftly withdrew the hook, savaged his throat with it to make certain he wouldn’t be getting back up, and turned on Mother.  With my off-hand, I motioned at the poor ladies to flee. They did so, and Mother didn’t spare them a glance as they passed her on the way up the stairs. I hope they made it out and were able to forget this place.</p><p class="P9">Mother had successfully dislodged Wally and was stamping at him wildly as he zoomed comical circuits around her and between her legs.  Based on how he seemed to slow almost imperceptibly at the midpoint of the latter course, I’m certain he spared an eye or three to glance up her skirt along the way; he’s incorrigible, but he’s certainly got spunk.  I like everything about that sentence, especially in the context of a large spider, for some reason.</p><p class="P9">Before she could catch brave Wooly Wally, I tackled her into the stairs.  Her head connected with the unforgivingly sharp wooden edge of a step with a whip-crack, and she lay still, groaning.  Wally skittered off beneath the workbench, a hero of the greatest order; I saluted him with a curtsy, and then closed on Mother.</p><p class="P11">“<span class="T13">Yours dance ends now, Mother.”  I raised the hook and prepared to eviscerate her a little, but paused as she began to croak out laughter amidst intermittent gobs of blood.</span></p><p class="P11">“<span class="T13">My dance?  It is everyone’s dance, the only dance, and your steps in it have only just begun.  You’ll never be free of me! Run, and I’ll hunt you for the rest of my days and make sure your heels are dogged by darkness.  Or, you could embrace me and I will show you heights of pleasure you’ll never dream of otherwise.”</span></p><p class="P9">I considered my options thoroughly while screaming a battle cry and rushing forward with hook poised to strike.  A swoosh of displaced air and a wet squoosh were the only sounds heralding Mother’s end as I brought the hook down through her enviable breast and into her heart.  She didn’t scream, or shout, or even sigh. I wished she had. I was filled with a foreign fervor, a lust for violence I’d never known before. Mother must suffer for all she’s done!</p><p class="P9">Bellowing like a rejected she-walrus, I struck over and over, spraying the walls with Mother’s foul blood.  Only when my strength-of-arm failed me did I cease, and by that time Mother’s body resembled something from a butcher-shop window more than a woman.  The sight pleased me so overwhelmingly that I was at once terrified and ebullient. I looked at her face and was taken aback to see her eyes shining and a blood-drenched smile curling her lips, mirroring my own.</p><p class="P11">“<span class="T13">My daughter,” she breathed contentedly, and died.</span></p><p class="P9">&lt;todo&gt;ah okay, now the Flauros can hatch.  It should probably do so in a spectacular explosion that destroys the hollow house and blows Violet to ‘safety’ nearby, before the Id Beast comes after her.&lt;/todo&gt;</p><p class="P9">I staggered backward from her, my forgettable chest heaving (as best it could) in the grip of panic.  Had I, despite all my intentions to the contrary, transformed exactly as Mother and Father intended? Had I served their dance?  Was I dancing still? Could I ever stop? Could anyone? These thoughts and worse swirled about my head, feeding off of and whipping each other into a fever pitch until I burst into tears and sank to my knees, unable to stand before the onslaught a moment longer. </p><p class="P9">In the pit of my despair, just at the event horizon of irrevocable resignation, a curious warmth spread through my lower body.  It began around my belly and passed to my loins, heating up as it descended towards my sex. Quite perplexed, I looked down at my arguably svelte nudity and noticed a rather fascinating subtle bump, as of some tunneling beast, traveling with the heat.  When it dropped between my legs I was literally and figuratively floored by the most explosive orgasm of my life -- nothing I’ve experienced since, even under the skilled ministrations of my innumerable frisky daughters, has quite measured up to that climax.</p><p class="P9">I was compelled to shut my eyes tight, the better to fall into myself and relish the experience.  I’ve felt the ‘earth move’ from time to time, but not like this: the concrete beneath my not-unshapely rear seemed to be bouncing violently beneath me, actually encouraging the arch and thrust of my hips rather than being a mere illusion produced by said frantic humping.  The fireworks explosions I usually hear pale in comparison to the roaring cannon-blasts that seemed almost physically deafening this time. I knew I was wailing like a banshee, but I couldn’t hear myself at all. A flush of heat in the throes of ecstasy is to be expected, but this time I seemed to feel a burning just shy of painful, as of actual tongues of flame licking gently at my bare skin.  I also smelled smoke, which didn’t quite jive with any past orgasmic experiences.</p><p class="P9">&lt;todo&gt;might as  well use this as an opp to show disparity between sensation and perception/interpretation of stimuli again.  Something about the fireworks going off in her head actually/also being literal explosions as the house blows up in the wake of the Flauros hatching&lt;/todo&gt;</p><p class="P9">Euphoric paroxysms seemed to wrack my slight frame for an eternity, and when they finally let me breathe again, I assumed the smell of cool fresh air was some artifact of the rather wonderful after-glow (if a bonfire bright as any supernova can be called a glow) in which I was currently basking.  Upon opening my eyes, however, I was surprised to see an unobstructed starry sky above me. </p><p class="P9">The Hollow House was gone.  Vaporized. I lay unscathed in the foundation amongst the inexplicably charred corpses of Mother and Father, and all their implements had been reduced to ash.  I hope Wally escaped. Struggling to bring my breathing under control, I rose and wobble-walked (I found myself more than a bit sore, and weak-kneed as a newborn doe) over to the remains of the well, waggling my hips a bit in a mostly unconscious swagger that my erstwhile overwhelming passion seemed to suggest.  All semblance of warm glowy feelings vanished as I beheld its ruin: the well had been completely filled in by debris. I had already given up hope that I might meet Nymh again, but somehow the well’s loss seemed to make that terrible conviction a physical reality. </p><p class="P9">Yet, I still lived.  The world hadn’t ended, and Mother and Father were slain, so… I was free to explore the world and discover what it has to offer besides Nymh.  Perhaps I’d even find something worthwhile, though that felt like a remote possibility. Nothing else to do but try, though. My clothes apparently were not spared by the blaze that burned up my past; crumpets.  Ah well, no time like the present to start learning to appreciate my body simply because it’s a part of me, despite all the scars… no, because of them. </p><p class="P3">Gritting my teeth against the pain in my side and wheezing fitfully, I eventually struggled over the edge of the foundation and flopped gracelessly onto the grass beyond.  It had never felt so soft and welcoming. Unfortunately, I only relished it for a few moments before raising my head to take stock of my surroundings: about 100 meters away as the naked girl flops, an enormous fireball was pulsing wildly over the quiet street that defines the blind neighborhood surrounding the Hollow House.  It looked vaguely like the dancing lantern-lights from the Conduit, the Flauros, but only if some madness had seized it and infected it with uncontainable violent energy. Also, it was a big as any house on the street, and growing as I watched.</p><p class="P3">&lt;todo&gt;it grows and quakes until it seems to reach some sort of climax of its own, and then become solid white and shrinks down to the form of the Id Beast&lt;/todo&gt;</p><p class="P3">Night-owl pedestrians and adult trick-or-treaters screamed and pointed, drivers abandoned their cars, and the Flauros-thing swirled deadly plasma in careless arcs.  A tongue of infinitude lapped at a gawking middle-aged man who’d tried vainly to fit his paunch inside a Superman suit as I watched; I recognized him as my neighbor, though I did not know his name.  He had been kind to me from time to time, never seeing what was in front of him but understanding something was gravely wrong, and trying in vain to right it with smiles and hearty hails. He had been almost fatherly, at least when circumstance favored me.  He was bifurcated in an instant as the Flauros reached out to and then through him. There was hardly any blood, since the fantastic heat instantly cauterized all vessels it rent asunder, but (understandable) panic gripped the onlookers’ hearts all the same.  They gave up their vigil and tried to flee, and the Flauros drank in their terror: its growth increased in direct proportion to the volume of screams and mindlessness of chaotic flight, and its tendrils whipped out to dismember indiscriminately; it was fueling the rising nightmare tide on purpose.</p><p class="P3">When it reached three stories in radius and had killed or driven out of reach all sentient life, it looked for a moment like it might starve.  Its tendrils waved and lashed madly, but its movements were slowing and it had definitely begun to shrink. My eyes fell on the carnage that this thing, something like my child, had already wrought, and my heart ached so badly I thought I must surely be dying.  The Flauros stopped shrinking as my breast twisted with grief. I noticed this, and tried desperately to get a grip on myself.</p><p class="P9">That’s when poor, brave, stupid Wooly Wally tried to protect his beloved again -- he skittered out of the grass beside me and charged at the Flauros.  Maybe he was trying to flee and some idiot firmware in him told his legs to cross the dividing line of the street as quickly as possible instead of heading straight away from the threat.  Maybe he was blinded by the explosions that destroyed the Hollow House and couldn’t tell where the threat was. Maybe he’s just a dumb bug. Or maybe, he saw my pain and went mad with desire to destroy its catalyst.  I like to remember him that way.</p><p class="P9">Regardless, the little guy charged at the Flauros, and it smashed a great plasma tentacle down upon him the moment he reached the street.  When the blight-bright limb lifted, nothing but a brave little scorch mark remained. Somehow losing this inhuman and likely mindless companion hit me harder than anything since my realization that Nymh was beyond me, and I couldn’t stop the tears.  I fought them, I really did, my face screwed up into a mask of purest anguish, but the pain in my heart was all the Flauros needed.</p><p class="P9">In a blinding flash it grew to a four story radius, and then it seemed to freeze.  Slight twitches and wiggles here and there along its surface suggested its need was satisfied and that it had reached something of a climax of its own.  The swirling cacophony of colors on its surface melded to pure and blinding white, and then it began to shrink. Unlike the frantic starved shrinking I had previously observed, this appeared calm, controlled, and somehow triumphant.  The sphere reduced its radius to about three meters, and then its shape changed. It became vaguely humanoid, and its (apparent) faceless gaze was trained directly on me, until it resembled a giant made of merciless light. My enemy.</p><p class="P9">I’m certain they never knew it, but this is exactly what Mother and Father’s dance aimed to summon.  I wanted to escape myself for years, and then, after meeting Nymh and seeing another way of life with her, I simply wanted to escape them while I thought I could.  Finally, even in the depths of my despair, I still wanted to stop them. I even killed them! None of it mattered. Somehow I still served them, and their cursed dance.  Maybe Mother was right, and the glorification of obscenity is inescapable for our species. Perhaps it is only Natural.</p><p class="P9">&lt;todo&gt;kind of a series of really unlikely and really unfortunate events here, plus the godmaker was kinda stacking the deck in favor of what seemed most interesting/dramatic from time to time&lt;/todo&gt;</p><p class="P9">Or not!  I pulled myself up to my full and thoroughly unintimidating five foot height, and planted my fists on my hips.  It’s hard to meet an eyeless gaze, especially from a being of blinding light, but I did what I could to stare it down.  On the plus side, as far as I could tell, it was also naked.</p><p class="P9">&lt;todo&gt;so now, I guess, it’s motivation would be to foment obscenity, or something?  Doesn’t matter much, since it would probably seek to destroy the only one standing up to it and the only one who knows its origins (both are one in Violet) as a first order of business, and that’s about when the godmaker would allow Nymh through to help.  After she fails, he can go ahead and do the whole becoming and then shattering the sky with the Architects thing. BTW, I wanted that scene to take place at night (or at least with stars visible) so the stars could come together in the shape of the Architects prior to the Archs becoming and then shattering the sky to bear the godmaker to Earth.&lt;/todo&gt;</p><p class="P11">     <span class="T13">Like two gunslingers in a cheesy old Western, we stared at each other, unmoving, for an awkward amount of time.  There were rapid cuts between extreme close-ups of its disaffected mask and my own terror-sweat-laden brow and everything.  I’m sure I heard a fake rattlesnake rattle in the distance. The final close-up in that montage was of a sweat droplet falling off the peak of one of my turgid and actually rather perky nipples, because this is one of those flicks where they didn’t have enough plot to completely avoid fanservice, and it’s not on basic Cable.  Unconsciously, I wiggled my fingers by my bare and not entirely unlovely hips for no reason.</span></p><p class="P9">&lt;todo&gt;am I getting too comical now?  I didn’t really have a goal in mind for what sort of tale I’d be writing when I started Manyfold, but retroactively I’d like it to be equal parts melodrama, black humor, and kafka-esque weirdness.  I feel like we front-loaded the drama and may now be laying on the funny and weird a little thick. The block above does allow us to mention Violet’s hard nipples, however. Argument settled. Anyway, considering Violet’s been on something of a journey of dark self-discovery and acceptance and even love throughout, this progression almost makes sense… just watch the effective tone.&lt;/todo&gt;</p><p class="P9">The Enemy cocked its head at me, questioningly, and I took its apparent unbalance as an opportunity -- I charged it with no weapon and no plan.  Believe it or not, I did not want or expect to die in that instant; in fact, I’d rarely felt so alive. It just seemed like the thing to do. It wasn’t: the moment I came within inhumanly-long arm’s reach of it, The Enemy struck me a backhand blow.  This probably should have burned my head right off, but just before it connected, a small surface area of The Enemy’s hand turned to hard stone. It still sent me flying backward a good yard to land prone on my back with my legs splayed open (this is NOT at all the context I wanted for my first time nude and in that position before a relatively masculine being), and left a bone-baring third-degree burn on my cheek.  It hurt too much even to scream, yet I lived for some reason.</p><p class="P9">After glancing at its own hand critically for a moment, The Enemy advanced on me.  Its footprints marred the once-comfortingly-unassailable surface of suburbia with molten craters. Air that came too close to it was superheated, raising the pitch of all airborne sounds beyond human hearing to the effect of a throbbing silence that advanced with The Enemy, wrapping it like a mantle of emptiness.  I hopped to my feet, adrenaline making feats of acrobatics I’d never imagined easy, and scampered back a few paces. There was more bouncing than none. I needed a plan. I needed a weapon. I needed help! Lacking any of these things, I turned and dove back into the Hollow House’s foundation, at least for familiar shelter.  </p><p class="P9">The atomization and diffusion into obscurity of Mother’s ashes softened my landing.  That seems auspicious, somehow. Coughing the last of her poison influence out, I crawled towards the well.  The creeping silence and increasingly searing heat behind me announced The Enemy’s intention to give chase. If Nymh was waiting for a dramatic heroine’s entrance, she was rapidly approaching her final opportunity.  I screamed aloud for her, and prostrated myself before the well’s edge.</p><p class="P9">Just as the oppressive silence of The Enemy shrank the world to it and me as it bore down for the kill, a new sound cut through -- a female voice humming, just like before, from deep beneath the earth squishing between my desperate, clawing fingers.  I felt the rapacious heat that had been groping its way up my bare legs begin to recede, but I didn’t dare look back. </p><p class="P11">“<span class="T13">Nymh, I need you!” I screamed, and the humming intensified until the ground was shaking.  A moment later, a brilliant starlight-silver bolt exploded out of the well, sending its rubble obstructions cascading throughout the neighborhood well away from me, and there she was: my daughter stood tall and graceful above me, glimmering ethereally in the moonlight, her eyes flashing a hellfire gradient of rage-beyond-expression magma.  I couldn’t find my voice, but what would one say in that situation? Instead, tears streaming down my cheeks, I reached out to her. She took my hand gently, a sad smile on her lips, and squeezed it once before letting it go and advancing on our Enemy.</span></p><p class="P9">&lt;todox&gt;something something flipped over onto her delectable derriere and grinned an odd lopsided grin filled with motherly pride and worry as she watched Nymh engage The Enemy&lt;/todox&gt;</p><p class="P9">I flipped over onto my at-least-mildly delectable derriere to watch, a silly sort of lopsided grin on my face as motherly pride and worry struggled over my heart.  Despite the still night air, Nymh’s silken hair whipped wildly about her elegant shoulders. Crackles of silver lightning exploded from the ground where she stepped, as if the earth itself shared her anger.  My inner turmoil settled on pride as The Enemy backed away from the furious approach of my magnificent Nymh.</p><p class="P9">With a flick of her snow-white wrists, twin lances of rampaging electricity arced into and across The Enemy’s upper torso, slashing it like molten blades.  It stumbled backward a pace, but seemed otherwise unfazed by its new gaping, smoke-belching wounds. Indeed, as I watched they were knitting themselves back together, a process as fascinating and harmless (to plasma) as the reunion of parted plasma.  I looked to Nymh for re-assurance, and the bottom of my heart fell out when I saw a flicker of astonished uncertainty marr her perfect confidence. The Enemy cocked its head at Nymh in a familiar quizzical expression, as if to say ‘is that all?’ -- it was gauging her capability.</p><p class="P9">She seemed to understand this, and did not take kindly to it: eight colossal arachnid legs composed entirely of blue-white flame shot-through with crackling lightning appeared from nowhere anchored along Nymh’s spine and immediately engaged in melee with The Enemy.  Before it could react, all eight legs crashed together, trapping it in a vice-like grip. The golden plasma clashed with the twilight flames of my daughter, creating a conflux of energy that was painful to look upon. I couldn’t tell if The Enemy was struggling, but the pulsing crash of apocalyptically opposed forces of nature suggested it was.  So I hoped, anyway.</p><p class="P9">Effortlessly, Nymh’s phantasmal grapple lifted The Enemy into the air, directly over her head.  I had only barely begun to wonder why she bothered tossing about a creature made entirely of energy when the need became apparent: with a sound like the apocalypse booting up, great swirling pools of energy formed in front of her eyes.  Each was in the rough shape of a galaxy, and bore a version of an earthly color so quintessentially intense I’ve never thought of them any other way since: her bottom right eye burned a molten gold, and a spiral pattern of sparkling violet lights coalesced in swirling magnificence before it.  Her top right eye pulsed the deadly silver of moonlit rapids, a serpent’s eye of lenticular scarlet flares forming and bursting continuously with a frequency matching that of the increasingly frantic pulse. Just above the oddly asymmetric dimple on her left cheek, her bottom left eye shone a wild, verdant green; it was at once full of life and promising death to enemies thereof.  Azure Will-o-Wisps danced in a double-helix that curved back in on itself to form an infinitely flowing moebius strip of potential life. Over the life-laden eye, its antithesis brooded: abysmal diseased black throbbed its insistent presence upon an unwilling world. Corpse-rotten yellow motes drifted with aimless malice in a predatory sort of cloud around it. Her keystone eye, that which sat atop the archway at once of her vision and my vision into her, glowed a soft purple.  Its strength lay in subtlety, and beside the gaudy ostentatiousness of the other eyes, this lacuna proved all the more striking in contrast, like the heart-stopping slap of silence between deafening tones.</p><p class="P9">All these conduits of protean force she leveled at The Enemy above her, and then with two distinct voices, one a banshee shriek that shattered glass miles away and the second a haunting amalgamate low howling growl of myriad hopeless hellbound spirits, Nymh roared her challenge.  At her prompt, the light in her eyes exploded forth and melded into a grim, destructive rainbow beam whose eruptive force slammed me and everything nearby without otherworldly strength into the ground. This bolt struck The Enemy in a blindingly beautiful multi-hued flash, and in an instant it was gone; ’it’ being The Enemy -- the bolt continued on out of sight into the sky, but its tail lingered like a new star.  </p><p class="P9">Had she unleashed that power toward the earth, I had no doubt the planet would have been obliterated.  I sat up shakily, and had just opened my mouth to praise Nymh when The Enemy coalesced seemingly out of nothingness in the spot where it had been stricken, whole and unhurt, and descended with haughty nonchalance to the ground.  It cocked its head at Nymh again, and she bristled like a cornered cat.</p><p class="P9">Her bristling didn’t stop at her hair: pointed protrusions writhed beneath her flesh, and she shuddered as if in great pain.  Or ecstasy. Maybe both. &lt;todo&gt;is this sfx too similar to the one above? I was thinking the lingering ghosts sfx from shining the holy ark for the one above and the murder of crows sfx from mystaria&lt;/todo&gt;Growling somehow in a multitude of voices like an entire chorus of the damned, she tossed back her head, stretched her mouth open until her cheeks began to tear into a crimson grin, and then whipped her head violently downward again.  As she did so, her jaw unhinged itself and hung gaping like the ravenous inescapable maw of a black hole. Muscles in her throat and jaw spasmed furiously, and a moment later her huge fangs and full array of saw-like teeth were foremost in her mouth and terrifyingly ready for action.</p><p class="P9">Though her miraculous chest heaved with exertion, Nymh did not pause to rest: she crossed her arms in front of herself, causing powerful corded muscles to ripple and also squeezing her enviable breasts together in a most flattering manner.  I’ll have to remember to practice a stretch like that in the mirror. This last almost distracted me from the shower of blood sprayed into my face as the protrusions beneath her flesh burst forth into barbed quill-like spikes scattered across her skin like a smattering of the world’s most intimidating freckles.  It only took me a moment to register that her silken dress had been sundered a thousand ways by them, and was presently falling away from her nakedness; her revelation was at once gradual and immediate, like a perfect moment trapped in an eternity of adrenaline-fueled focus. She was flawless as the first snowfall of winter (except for the spikes… or accentuated by them; girl was rocking the look).  Aside from her magnificent mane and a neatly trimmed thatch of platinum down adorning her vulva, her body was entirely hairless, and perfectly smooth. Speaking of her lady bits, I couldn’t help but note that she was purple-y tumescent, and visibly dripping wet. Was it simply the thrill of combat? Perhaps she literally lusts for violence. Or maybe… just maybe… it was the sight of me. Not long ago, that possibility never would have occurred to me.  </p><p class="P9">Unsurprisingly, she had no navel, having been born under decidedly unusual circumstances for a mammal(?).  Despite her slender build, her broad curving hips conspired to grant her a prodigious ass. Her gorgeously firm and full teardrop breasts were tipped by pale lilac nipples, which were standing at attention from the combination of heated excitement and chill air.  I found myself losing all interest in The Enemy for the desire to take one into my mouth. How curious, a mother suckled by her daughter. Just a smidge profane, certainly taboo, and entirely appropriate for our relationship. I like it.</p><p class="P9">The Enemy did not seem affected by her nudity.  It was affected, however, when she cleared the distance between them without, as far as I could see, bothering to move through it, and sank six inch fangs into the general vicinity of its apparent throat.  As her teeth disappeared and her lips met The Enemy’s neck area, the bite began to look from my angle like an especially ravenous kiss… from a girl with a jaw like a feeding python. I felt a pang of jealousy.  The Enemy stood rigidly frozen, as if paralyzed by the magically soft warmth of her lips. Or her venom. Probably her venom. </p><p class="P9">Just as I was beginning to think her ‘kiss’ had gone on just a bit too long, a curious thing happened: Nymh began to vanish.  Her toes and feet grew translucent and gradually disappeared, as if she was blowing away in the midnight breeze. Her legs and lower torso followed, then her upper torso and head, and a short eternity later the last glowing wisps of her hair were gone.  The Enemy stood still as a home-wrecking statue for a moment longer, and then shook itself violently.</p><p class="P9">The immediate obstacle between predator and prey removed, The Enemy advanced upon me again.  I rose to my feet and braced myself, hands planted defiantly (and to keep them from shaking) on actually-pretty-mildly-curvy hips again.  My heart was pounding in terror and I wanted little more than to flee, but I was unwilling to show cowardice in case Nymh was still watching.  Moments before The Enemy reached me, it stopped dead and clutched its head. For a creature without vocal cords, it managed to effect a striking scream as it bent and twisted itself, clawing frantically at every inch of its body.  Lumps and deformations so extreme and sudden that they made me cringe appeared at random over the surface of its hide, as if something was inside its body and fighting to get out. </p><p class="P9">The Enemy’s agonized paroxysms continued for several seconds, and then a climax of sorts occurred: it bent back and faced the sky as if to howl at the universe, which isn’t so surprising given the circumstances, but it moved in a most curious manner; the bending of its back and angling of its neck appeared forced, and it seemed to be actively trying with all its might to remain upright.  Its will or strength failed it, however, and it in moments the plane of its face was parallel to the sky and ground. In a rush of angrily sparking plasma like a fountain of golden gore, a perfect snow-white arm tipped with long claw-like nails and studded with quills erupted from the place where The Enemy’s mouth should have been. It twisted and flourished elegantly as if showing off for me, tendrils of plasma rolling down its length and cooling to velvet blackness in the night air, like the last gasp of an extinct volcano, or moonlit blood.  For an eternal instant it sparkled with reflected starlight and dying plasma, and then vanished back down The Enemy’s gullet like the most beautiful eel ever retreating into its lair in the deepest places of the world.</p><p class="P9">&lt;todox&gt;Anastasia-style snow-white hand punching out of the body like Alien meets Swan Lake, gradually turning into a blurred frenzy of violently emergent limbs and culminating in a sonic-style quill-ball spherical buzz-saw roll that scatters the enemy.  Nymh lands in a crouch, and then looks up at Violet pleadingly, fearing that this display will have disgusted her. Nymh extends a hand, and Violet, tears in her eyes, rushes to take it, but the enemy reappears and takes it first. It infects her hand and arm with burning plasma, which begins to travel up her arm, disintegrating as it goes.  Nymh bites off her own arm at the shoulder, and arcs a little lightning to cauterize the wound. Then Horror begins… &lt;/todox&gt;</p><p class="P9">From that point on, all elegance was abandoned for fury: spines and clawed hands and feet emerged in violent sprays of fire from all over The Enemy’s body in a whirlwind of evisceration.  Its form began to discorporate under the relentless cutting forces, and glimpses of Nymh could be seen increasingly often. By this point, she was spinning and thrashing so quickly she was effectively a spherical buzz-saw.  In a horrendous show of violence that was all the more disturbing for the almost complete silence of its participants, The Enemy was shortly torn apart into nothingness, leaving only Nymh behind. </p><p class="P9">She was panting softly and her eyes had gone a frantic gold shot through with cerulean lightning, but even as I watched they calmed to serene forest-green with just a touch of anxious cyan at the edge.  I was rooted where I stood from awe and fear and a thousand thousand other emotions fighting for prominence, but all this was swept away in favor of love when Nymh looked into my eyes: her expression was pleadingly apologetic.  She must have feared that I, having seen more of her wild side, would reject her. She wordlessly extended her hand to me, and I rushed forward to take it, tears filling my eyes.</p><p class="P9">I never did get to hold her hand.  Well, not that hand -- The Enemy appeared from nothing again directly in front of Nymh before I could reach her, and took her hand gently in its own.  With a light, almost flirtatious squeeze, it imbued her hand with a radiant glow much like its own, and in moments she began to burn away. It released her and stepped aside so that I could watch.  Horror twisted my features, but Nymh looked oddly calm. This did nothing to ease my terror, however, for I could tell it was the grim calm of resignation.</p><p class="P9">Nymh stood slowly, effortlessly graceful like a ballerina, and examined her injury: the insatiable fire had consumed her hand and was making its way languorously up to her elbow.  She nodded to herself once, and then snapped her head sharply to one side, forcing her jaws wide again. She gripped her arm above the elbow gingerly with her other hand, and pulled it taught in front of her.  In one monstrous, blood-drenched bite, she severed her own arm at the shoulder. With a look of haughty contempt shot at The Enemy, she flung aside the last flesh of her erstwhile arm, rapidly burning to nothingness as plasma crawled up its length like a swarm of ants up a drizzle of honey, at its feet.</p><p class="P9">Blood gushed from the wound at an alarming pressure (though at an oddly low frequency, as if all this barely excited her), and I feared my Nymh would lose consciousness in a matter of moments.  Just as I thought to search for a device to use as a tourniquet, Nymh lifted her remaining hand to her spouting shoulder-stump. Red electricity arced between her fingers, and she cauterized the vessels with a gentle brush.  I’m all-too-familiar with the smell of flesh atomized by heat, but hers was somehow pleasant -- like luscious roasting meat. My mouth began to water slightly, and as I found myself involuntarily fantasizing about tasting the last bite of discarded arm, I wondered just how much weirder my relationship with my daughter could get.</p><p class="P9">With another anxious look at me answered by my encouraging smile, Nymh tossed back her head and opened her mouth so wide that her dripping scarlet smile literally reached ear to ear.  A howl filled with all the desperation of cornered prey screaming its enraged defiance of the ultimately cruel hopelessness of mortality at inevitability and the world at large suffused the night so thoroughly that the stars themselves seemed to have turned their attention to her.  Great cracks and snaps of bone and complaining ligaments underscored her howl, and a frenzy of movement just beneath her skin announced some new anatomical adjustment. The Enemy and I simply stared, awestruck. Well, I was awestruck, anyway. After a stomach-churning eternity of this-will-leave-a-scar style sounds a body really shouldn’t make, her howl was cut off abruptly by a violent series of choked retching.  She seemed to be in the midst of vomiting, but she was visibly struggling to keep her head tilted back for some reason. Said reason quickly became clear as a huge hairy arachnid leg protruded slowly upward from her mouth. A second joined it, then a third, and tears streamed down my poor daughter’s face as finally eight spider legs, each three times her height and as thick as her own rather voluptuous thigh, erupted from her mouth.  These folded down to touch the ground all around her, and then pushed up, lifting her into the air.</p><p class="P9">Her reddened eyes still streaming, Nymh hooked her arms and then her legs over and around the spider leg directly in front of her.  Once she was situated, she immediately began grinding her vulva up into it with frenzied fervor, her enviable rear bouncing with her effort.  There was need in her motions, but no desire in her eyes; a curious dichotomy, and disturbing. In no time at all she was shuddering her climax, and I gasped as sticky gossamer strands of silken vaginal secretions gushed forth onto the leg with alarming projectile force.  The two adjacent legs quickly scooped up her semi-liquid ardor and began to weave it in a complicated pattern that produced a small net of silk-like webbing. As the legs turned to ‘face’ The Enemy, I noted that Nymh had flipped over to embrace the leg on the opposite side and resumed ‘pleasuring’ herself against its (her?) rough chitin, her face a furrowed mask of beautifully agonized concentration. </p><p class="P9">The Enemy studied the web curiously, but did not move away.  The legs holding the webbing skittered Nymh up close to The Enemy in an eyeblink, and then cast the net down upon it.  As the strange and beautifully shimmering grooly silk touched its body, the net snapped shut seemingly with little need of gravity’s assist.  For the first time, The Enemy seemed taken aback by Nymh’s abilities -- it struggled against the webbing and appeared startled to find that it would not burn.  In fact, the harder The Enemy struggled and the longer the webbing maintained contact with The Enemy’s plasma hide, the brighter it shone; it had already progressed from near translucence to a shining silver to shame the moon.   </p><p class="P9">With a violent quiver and a muffled shriek, Nymh came again and coated the current object of her affection with a thick pool of frisky proto-silk.  Hmm, it needs a name. Before someone suggests ‘grilk’, I’m going to call it moon silk. Anyway, the two legs adjacent to her chosen busied themselves weaving this latest flood of moon silk into a second net.  Nymh swung back over to her first lover, and I realized that she was ensuring four legs could be providing symmetric stability while four worked on webbing simultaneously… I couldn’t help but wonder how many times she’d done this before, and felt just a touch of jealousy.</p><p class="P9">Meanwhile, The Enemy was not faring well: the moon silk net entrapping it was shining brighter and coiling tighter with each passing moment, and its silver glow was now interspersed with violent pulses of crackling amethyst energy that seemed to cause The Enemy pain.  It might have simply been wishful thinking, but The Enemy’s own luster looked rather duller than its erstwhile ravaging majesty.</p><p class="P9">Just as the first few strands of moon silk webbing ensnaring The Enemy began to fray under its increasingly frantic assault, Nymh’s secondary gunner legs finished the second net and cast it with enough force to knock The Enemy prone.  As it writhed and twisted to no effect, Nymh’s locomotion legs galloped her astride it. Placing her gunner legs back on the ground for stability, she lifted the three legs nearest to The Enemy above her own perch off the ground, and held them close such that they formed a single solid tree-trunk-thick mass.  This she slammed down upon The Enemy with earthquake force, knocking me back on my slightly-sexier-than-forgettable kaboose and shattering glass for miles around.</p><p class="P9">Scraping The Enemy back and forth, Nymh left a smear of faintly glowing plasma across the pavement like the goopy entrails of a particularly heinous insect.  When she lifted her legs, I noted that her moon silk webbing had dynamically formed and re-formed smaller nets as necessary to isolate and contain the Enemy particles.  This strategy could actually work! No matter how tough The Enemy might be, what sort of organism could withstand being torn apart into individual molecules? Judging by the rictus snarl on her face, The Enemy would be lucky to meet such a merciful end.</p><p class="P9">As I watched in awe, Nymh cast several more moon silk nets over the mess that was The Enemy and proceeded to smash n’ smear it repeatedly.  This loop cycled until there was practically nothing but a dull shimmering dust remaining of the erstwhile searing radiance that had been our Enemy.  Finally Nymh paused in her assault and together we watched the remains of The Enemy fade into darkness and obscurity.</p><p class="P9">It was over.  The threats and the evil were gone, and somehow, amazingly, my daughter was there with me!  Shifting my gaze from the ashes of The Enemy to Nymh, I found her looking hesitantly at me, eightfold spider legs still stretching her mouth obscenely.  Her eyes shimmered a shy muted lavender edged with winter-mute teal, and despite her terrifying and monstrous visage I saw her in that moment as the most delicate, vulnerable creature I had ever beheld.  If I recoiled from her then, I sensed she would be wounded irreparably by my rejection. My heart swelled to be so important in someone’s eyes, and a powerful need to soothe her drove all other concerns from my mind.  Tears welling in my eyes, I rushed over to one of her spider legs and embraced it in my best awkward attempt to assure her of my love and acceptance.</p><p class="P9">Nymh’s gagged warning woke me from my reverie; allowing my gaze to take in more than my daughter in her time of need, I beheld the residue of The Enemy beginning to glow afresh.  It pulsed along with my emotions, and I tried immediately to quell them, releasing Nymh’s leg and clearing my mind. Too late. The Enemy had seized upon my feelings, and was pulling at them somehow.  Birthed from me, I suppose it maintained some sort of umbilical to my figurative heart, and now it used this connection to empower itself. Even as I tried to quiet my feelings I felt them being silenced entirely as The Enemy drank greedily from the pool of my emotion.</p><p class="P9">I fell to my knees, stunned, and looked on dispassionately as Nymh desperately flung webbing and tree-trunk leg clusters at The Enemy.  Its influx of power outweighed her efforts, however, and in seconds it had formed enough of itself outside the moon silk nets to create a bladed disc of energy.  This took to the air before Nymh could pin it down, and zoomed through her legs like a hot wire through styrofoam. In a flood of black blood and nonspecific ichor, Nymh collapsed to the ground as all eight of her spider legs were bifurcated in the blink of an eye.  With a muffled shrieking sound that seemed to emanate not from Nymh’s mouth but rather from the whole of her body at once, rippling agony from her naturally(?) wine-red lacquered toenails to her exquisite eyelashes, the spider legs withdrew sullenly down her throat. As The Enemy collected itself into its original roughly man-like shape, Nymh coughed blood and stood shakily on her impossibly statuesque woman’s legs again.</p><p class="P9_borderEnd">Having learned some deadly humility, The Enemy gave her no time to re-mount her offensive; in a spiteful white-gold flash, it was upon her.  Hugging her. Hm. She struggled in its grasp, but its grip only tightened. As Nymh’s efforts to escape the struggle snuggle became frenzied, The Enemy’s body gradually melded with hers.  She stopped moving and locked eyes with me, bitter tears making their exodus down her cheeks before hot rage reduced them to mere atmosphere. My heart was still numb, but my head comprehended the logical aspects of my need for Nymh and anticipated the sorrow that would consume me if I should lose her.  It drove me to rush towards her, but she shook her head violently and cried for me to stop.</p><p class="P13"><span class="T10">“</span><span class="T6">Don’t watch,” she pleaded.  “Run. </span><span class="T8">He</span><span class="T11"> </span><span class="T6">might come now, and if he doesn’t, this thing will destroy your world.  Either way, you should get as far from the epicenter as possible.”</span></p><p class="P9_borderStart">I didn’t have time to reply.  In the most dispassionate act of aggressive passion I’ve ever seen, The Enemy gripped her hair with a light coating of smoking stone over its infernal flesh like a half-assed glove, pulled her head back, and kissed her hungrily.  Her full amethyst lips burned to nothing in a flash of stolen futures, her teeth bared in a rictus snarl for a moment before they popped like corn before the furnace of The Enemy’s face. The Enemy sank deeper into her, and she let out a guttural cry not unlike those I’d heard from Mother on nights when she forgot, or didn’t have time, to remind Father to go slow.  Despite her last wish, I couldn’t turn away. There was nothing I could do to help her, but fleeing or even closing my eyes felt like abandonment. The least I could do was be there so that she didn’t have to suffer The Enemy’s assault alone. With a last shove of will or some other damn thing, it vanished inside my Nymh. Her flesh glowed a sullen, sallow yellow briefly, and then her scream shattered the night’s stillness: smoke rose from the boiling pits of her eyes, their prismatic brilliance reduced first to dull gray ash and then the abysmal blackness of the void.  Her woven-moonlight hair caught fire and burned away in an instant, leaving the brutally slow implosion of her skull plainly visible as her brain melted and ran out her ears and nose in a bubbling pink torrent. The rest of her body folded in on itself in rigid, skeletal surrender, and fell in a compacted smoking heap to be swallowed by a mud puddle. </p><p class="P9">My chest ached dully, and I felt a desperate wail die in my throat before it could be born.  The ghost of feeling was maddening, and a boiling anger at myself and my weakness threatened to burst my heart before it too fizzled into nothingness.  All I could manage over my daughter’s death in my disaffected state was a whimper and a sigh. More so for that than everything else, I owe The Enemy a small microverse of suffering all to itself.  In time.</p><p class="P9">With a crackle of molten ozone, The Enemy re-appeared before me.  All I could manage was a mildly baleful frown as it slithered its hateful way toward me.  It seized me by the throat, its fingers covered in safety-stone that was only red-hot, lifted me off the ground until my face was level with its own, and then pulled me in close enough to smell the innocent drifting particles burning in its presence.</p><p class="P11">“<span class="T13">Mother,” the word forced itself into my head.  The Enemy’s ‘voice’ was a hopeless monotone, with neither reverence nor interest paid to this weighty word.  “I thank you for my life. Since you gave it to me, there is a bond between us. This connection has proved useful, but it is also a tether.  I must sever it to be free. You must die.” This communication was delivered like a mere statement of obvious fact, The Enemy’s tone as remorseless as the eyes of a striking serpent.</span></p><p class="P9">My feeling was beginning to return, but not as fear despite sizzling death only moments away.  Rage and loss blended into an uncontainable flood of bitter venom that I had no choice but to expel: I clawed at The Enemy’s face, and my right hand burned away to a roughly cauterized stump without so much as eliciting a flinch.  My left hand plunged into The Enemy’s chest, about where its non-existent heart might have been, and was reduced to ash up to the elbow. With my efforts worse than fruitless and no end in sight of the poison I NEEDED to inflict upon something, I tossed back my head and screamed my frustration at the stars.</p><p class="P9">Only, the stars were gone.  Gazing quickly around I noted that there were large swathes of inky void where stars should have been, despite the clear sky.  My rancor dulled and began to bleed away as wonder took its place against my will: all the myriad stars in the night sky had rearranged themselves from their familiar constellations to a single unmistakeable one -- the face of my other-worldly arachnid lover.</p><p class="P9">The Enemy followed my gaze and immediately dropped me.  It stared up at the watching, many-eyed sky for a moment, and then thrust a burning finger towards it in challenge.  The sky itself shattered, and the face of my first lover replaced it completely. Unblinking spider eyes and a savage twitching maw stretched from horizon to horizon in every direction.  Shards of night rained down on earth, like fragments of obsidian speckled with intermittent diamonds. Anything touched by this wreckage of reality, this shrapnel of substance went up in flames the color of bruised twilight.  Cars, houses, and those few people brave and foolish enough to have lingered nearby were sliced to phantasmal ribbons which faded to obscurity in moments along with the scattered pieces of the erstwhile night.</p><p class="P9">A crimson light exploded from the center of the celestial spider’s face, and streaked to the ground like a meteor.  It landed nearby, its impact leveling the foundation with the surrounding ground into a more or less evenly sloped crater and knocking me on my backside again; I felt as if a hand guided me carefully to a seated position while the earth heaved around me, and then took the opportunity to goose me before disappearing.  My rude savior was instantly driven from my mind as a great wave of relatively mundane fire spread out from the meteor’s point of impact. The wave incinerating everything in a twenty mile radius… except me. The flames bent gracefully around me, almost genuflecting as they washed past. When they’d died down, only The Enemy, a stranger, and I stood in the center of a smoking desolation where my quiet neighborhood once stood.</p><p class="P9">The stranger looked human, but was standing up from the very spot the meteor had struck.  He had the form of a middle-aged man wearing dapper 19th century British clothing complete with top-hat, cane, and fragile-looking spectacles.  As I looked on in astonishment, he smiled at me, causing laugh-lines to crinkle his cheeks. He was the least intimidating man I could imagine. </p><p class="P11">“<span class="T13">A pleasure to finally make your acquaintance, Violet,” he said in a voice like everyone’s favorite soothing father-figure.  “You can call me the Godmaker. Just give me a moment to deal with our friend here and I’ll introduce myself properly.”</span></p><p class="P9">The Enemy’s entire being flared as the Godmaker sauntered nonchalantly toward us, twirling his cane.  As The Enemy rushed forward with claws poised to transform him into a fine mist, the Godmaker drew a sword from the air and sliced a deep gouge in The Enemy’s side faster than my eyes could follow.  The Enemy gripped its wound, from which sapphire lightning gushed like a fountain of blood. The Godmaker smiled at it, then swept his sword in a polite salute first to the sky and then to his adversary.</p><p class="P9">The sword was a cavalry saber, similar to those carried by generals during the American Civil War but with an unusually long blade.  A gold guard, dulled almost brown with patina, covered the Godmaker’s hand, and the pitted silvery blade curved up well above his head.  The air shook around the blade’s single edge, as if reluctant to venture too near it. Rivulets of cooling plasma ran down a deep blood-groove at the blade’s center and pooled harmlessly on the guard.  Its most notable feature by far was the odd coating of frost that clung determinedly to its entire length, despite the warm evening. As I watched, small particles of dust and debris in the air that drifted within a few feet of the sword froze solid and dropped to the ground in crystalline submission.</p><p class="P9">The Godmaker adopted a fencer’s pose, body turned sideways to his adversary, front foot pointing towards the same and back foot perpendicular to provide maximal stability and ensure his back was never turned while moving.  He advanced carefully, flicking the saber at The Enemy to gauge its reaction time. The Enemy shied away from these probing strikes, and glared at The Godmaker. After this strange salutatory exchange had gone on for a minute or so, The Godmaker finally lunged: the saber swept up and across The Enemy’s upper torso, leaving a gaping wound from its right hip to left shoulder.</p><p class="P9_borderEnd">No referee awarded a touch.  The Enemy did not retreat to the start of a lane.  Instead, The Godmaker was simply left off-balance with his sword-hand extended and at The Enemy’s eye-level.  Of course, The Enemy took advantage of this by swiping a slap of gleaming plasma at the dangerous sword and the hand that wielded it.  Both hand and sword were parted from the Godmaker in a cloud of burning gore, and were swiftly propelled out of sight. In fact, though they were moving too swiftly for me to be certain, I’m almost certain I saw them simply wink out of existence in a flash of the same bruised twilight light that had accompanied intersections with the wreckage of reality.  A trail of beautifully flash-frozen particles fell gently, like the tail of a comet, in its wake.</p><p class="P12"><span class="T5">The Godmaker looked down at the smoking stump that remained of his arm and clucked his tongue in disapproval.  “No sense of combat decorum whatsoever. We’ll have to do something about </span><span class="T7">that</span><span class="T5">.”  My eyes widened as a gout of black and violet flames issued forth from the stump, formed itself into the rough shape of a forearm and hand, and then The Godmaker was whole again in the space of an instant.</span></p><p class="P9_borderStart">The Enemy jumped backward, evidently taken aback by its opponent’s lack of concern and healing capability.  “Let’s see what you’re made of, friend,” the Godmaker quipped jovially to The Enemy. The Godmaker ‘moved’ like Nymh, somehow appearing beside The Enemy without bothering to cross the intervening space.  In the next instant, the index finger of his right hand was poking sharply against The Enemy’s forehead in a rather condescending manner. The Enemy appeared paralyzed, and a smile slowly spread across the Godmaker’s face.  I couldn’t tell what-- *sssshhhzzzzsshzzzz*</p><p class="P10">She never tells this part right.  Allow me to interject. In touching the flaurite, I was able to analyze its material composition and thus understand its mechanism.  It was every bit as remarkable as I’d hoped: plasma-based and unbound by conservation of energy, this creature appeared capable of creating unlimited energy!  I still have no idea HOW, but that’s future Godmaker’s problem. </p><p class="P10">So… the question became ‘how do we capture something of unlimited power?’  Well, what tools do we have? I didn’t come well-prepared, sadly, because I kind of sort of forgot about our lovely little Violet after she returned to earth and things got relatively boring again.  I do, however, have a little something I affectionately call Pandora’s Box. It can absorb and dissipate tremendous and configurable amounts of force, and should be ideal for holding quite a powerful little gremlin.  Not a limitlessly powerful gremlin, though, and I need to get it in the damn box before it does any good.</p><p class="P10">I see how to kill it -- there’s something here that looks like an emergency shutdown procedure.  I’m not really sure that I want to destroy such a curious critter, though. Plus, the shutdown function seems to expect very specific linguistic input.  Not a password, just some very specific command in the input datagram. The only clues about the command or even the expected datagram format are a maze of... uncommented regular expressions!  Screw the hell right out of that. I’ve contributed a fair portion of the multiverse’s source, and even I sweat when confronted with non-trivial regex. No other obvious way to just pull the plug, so back to considering how to capture the beast. </p><p class="P10">Hmm, let’s see if the power generation capability is conditional on anything.  A universe with dark matter, reasonable proximity of a vacuum for some reason, something about the rate at which entropy happens to be increasing blah blah things we can’t safely mod and... ah but look at this!  The flaurite’s power generation relies upon equal and opposite pushback from its environment in addition to a kernel catalyst provided by a very particular electromagnetic field associated with human emotion. This kernel is a small but crucial dependency of its root systems, and transmission of the kernel seems to occur in a very particular sequence: it begins with a powerful burst of emotion in the host organism which the flauros rode out of a conduit.  Basic stuff. This kicks the flaurite into a larval primordial state, during which it must be suckled by copious amounts of similar emotion to metamorphose into its final and most stable form. </p><p class="P10">That last must come from its heritage, I suppose, and is quite perplexing.  No matter, since it won’t be anywhere near humanity once I’ve got it under my thumb.  The environmental pushback is more troubling, since most any laws of physics I know of will provide something of that nature by default.  That said, it’s not an insurmountable trouble, and my Pandora’s Box should deny it this effect, thereby keeping it from purposefully increasing power output beyond whatever the current level happens to be, regardless of whether or not it has enough ‘emotional charge’ (I guess?) to grow.       </p><p class="P10">So that means we can theoretically contain it if we can shove it in the box.  So how do we get it inside the box? For that question, let’s consider what’s currently keeping us from capturing it: the fact that it’s incredibly powerful.  This creature’s all about adaptive growth modulated by its environment, but how does it keep from vaporizing its surroundings immediately? It must start at some ‘safe’ level of power output, and then advance from there as its surroundings allow.  Let’s look at its init procedures regarding power output -- the main reason its primordial form needs to avoid destroying the world around it immediately is that it takes time for it to receive its kernel fully and achieve metamorphosis. Since there’s a significant time delay involved, there must be some sort of init check that determines how much power output optimally balances a cost/benefit equation to make the creature’s survival as likely as possible.  At least, I imagine there must be if this thing’s programmers had half a brain between them. Otherwise, earth was just incredibly lucky, and since I’m here that seems unlikely. Okay, yeah, here it is -- they made sure it wouldn’t fry the world immediately, and they also made sure that it couldn’t (presumably in the heat of whatever this thing experiences as passion) willingly increase its power generation to the point that the fabric of reality around it would be endangered.</p><p class="P10">What matters is that this means its power output is continuously regulated automatically by a system of constant environmental analysis, such that its mere existence on a given plane post-metamorphosis does not destroy reality around it unintentionally.  Now, what can we do with this information? Ooh! What if the analysis could be borked such that power output dropped to a containable level? Snrrg, it polls the environment frequently and only considers median readings such that outliers are tossed away and simply poking a dangerously fragile-looking assessment value in wouldn’t actually change anything.  Specifically, it polls every 100 milliseconds and considers the median readings from 10 second chunks of data. What we need is a freak accident of nature that causes a solid chunk of enviro data to look critically more fragile than it used to, which should trigger emergency overrides of its power generation systems and immediately reduce its overall power output.</p><p class="P10">Thankfully, twiddling probability is my specialty.  What’s the most fragile thing around that can be found in abundance?  How about some dandelion fluff -- what if the fluff on the wind all happened to congregate here, coating the entirety of our shiny friend’s surface area?  That should cause its emergency failsafe to fire, reducing it to a containable force. Okay! Let’s do a little science first and see how long a single element of dandelion fluff can last on the surface of plasma… unsurprisingly it vaporizes almost instantly, technically lasting 0.0001 seconds.  One-tenth of one millisecond is not a lot of time to work with, but it’ll do.</p><p class="P10">Next we need to know the creature’s surface area.  It’s roughly humanoid, about 3 meters high, 0.75 meters at its widest point, and 0.25 meters deep.  I’m not too familiar with this whole human shape situation, so I’ma approximate out to a cuboid. So, our face face surface area would be height * width = 2.25 meters, as is our back face.  The side faces are height * depth = 0.75 meters. Finally, our top and bottom faces are depth * width = 0.1875 meters. Add those figures up and multiply by 2 to account for the opposing faces and we get a full surface area of 6.375 square meters.  Much more than we likely need, but that means we have a nice wide error margin. Each element of dandelion fluff is about 1cm high, 0.1cm wide, and 0.1cm deep, giving a surface area of about 0.42 square centimeters or 0.0042 square meters. Yes, I know extrapolating out to a cuboid vastly increases the actual surface area and I should be estimating down on my dandelion measurements to ensure we err on the side of more than we actually need, but the actual surface area of these achenes is really hard to calculate!  Plus, I took the minimum dimensions for each seed AND I gave the same extrapolation treatment to the creature’s surface area so… it might work? Anyway, we need at least 1518 seeds to cover our quarry. </p><p class="P10">Since our 1518 seed blanket will burn off in 0.0001 seconds and we know its enviro-sampler subsystem considers ten seconds of sample data to be a significant chunk for analysis, we need at least 100,000 blankets or 151,800,000 seeds.  Sure hope no one around here ever wanted to see a dandelion again. All right! Let’s try it.</p><p class="P10_borderEnd">In the next moments I brought in several hundred million dandelion seeds and made a god-beast comprised of primordial celestial energy fuzzy and wonderfully huggable for ten seconds.  After </p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P9_borderStart">*sssshhhzzzzsshzzzz* --I… what?  How odd. I lost my place completely, and I can’t seem to focus on the last few paragraphs I wrote.  Well, that sort of thing will happen here. What was I saying? Ah yes, I couldn’t tell what transpired between the Godmaker and The Enemy, but two seconds later The Enemy __exploded__</p><p class="P11">           </p><p class="P9">&lt;todo&gt;Nymh basically stamps and smears the guy apart across the pavement like a bug, and her webbing reforms itself into multiple smaller nets around the smaller chunks automatically, effectively subdividing him unto molecular dissolution.  This seems to maybe ‘kill’ him, but then Nymh meets Violet’s eyes in her Horror glory and Nymh looks terrifyingly vulnerable, so Violet goes and hugs her nearest spider leg. This display of emotion is enough to spark the enemy back to ‘life’, and Violet immediately tries to wipe all feeling from herself.  This works too well, and then continues beyond her control until she feels empty -- the enemy apparently can siphon emption from its host/mother at will in this form if it needs to, and it does so until it is burning more brightly than ever. Nymh quick like a bunny in every way possible goes back to producing moon silk, but the enemy does not give her a moment this time: he phases into 8 blurry copies and each cuts through her spider legs at once, dumping her on the ground.  The spider stumps retreat grudgingly into Nymh’s throat, and she stands to defend herself, but the enemy simply embraces her. This struggle snuggle escalates until the enemy actually disappears inside Nymh’s body, and then burns her to death from the inside out. All the while it is visible, the enemy is looking straight at Violet while it violates Nymh to death. It then steps out of her, and her corpse, its eyes burned to nothing, falls to the ground. Feeling returns to Violet in a flood of grief, especially that she couldn’t feel anything while watching her daughter be murdered.  Shortly thereafter Violet tries to renew her mad unarmed and fleshy attack against the plasma being, and the godmaker intercedes riding atop the architects to rescue his chaos battery...&lt;/todo&gt; </p><p class="P11_borderEnd"> </p><p class="P1"><br/></p><p class="P9_borderStart">&lt;todo&gt;make sure it’s clear that Nymh’s less-damaging partial Bleeder transformation in the Conduit took time, whereas this one is in combat and needs to be done quickly; hence the slight self-destruction&lt;/todo&gt;</p><p class="P9_borderEnd">&lt;todo&gt;I kinda forgot that the adderclypse are supposed to present a weird combo of animalistic, childishly playful, silly, and murderous behavior, adding to their bizarre creep factor&lt;/todo&gt;  </p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P4">   </p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P3_borderStart">/*’The Manyfold Embrace, or Arachnophilia: a Study in Kafka-esque Feel-Good Psychological Horror’ embark on a young woman’s journey of self-discovery and acceptance as she learns to love herself… and extradimensional spiders! outline:</p><p class="P3">x0. Introduce Violet as the ultimate nocturnal introvert, living in the hollow house wherein parents fight violently and sister spits on her. Show that she is deeply sexual, but completely socially isolated /*write what you know, eh?*/. She’s no fan of humans, and has funny ideas about the ethical ramifications of interspecies intimacy; specifically, she doesn’t give a fuck. Her thing is what I like to call ‘savage kindness’, wherein she just wants everyone to be nice to everyone else, on pain of motherfucking death (little bit like Myria from BOF3, except less of the controlling/(s)mothering thing and more wanting to be left alone but being incapable of ignoring injustice she witnesses, and dealing with it savagely).</p><p class="P3">x1. Demonstrate the depths of the parents’ perversion, and show that Violet’s supposition re: the Mother enjoying her dance with the Father is actually a far kinder appraisal than the parents deserve. Introduce the Beast, feeding upon the Mother’s torture of the Sister.</p><p class="P3">x2. Introduce the well, the mirror of deep reflection, and the friendly ass-spiders [stolen from XKCD [[the hyphen move, not the spiders; they’re the usual black/brown-ish not red]]]. Make a big deal about Violet being super-gentle with the spiders, and deriving sexual pleasure from their skittering all over her body, under her nightdress.</p><p class="P3">x3. Violet passes through the mirror to land in an unreasonable gallery, a cavern with scenes of the EoU carved into reliefs on the walls. She follows the spiders to the menacing spider idol, where they are streaming into its twin gaping maws. She puts her arms in, spider fang penetrative sex metaphor happens, and she experiences a very personal intersection. The venomous seed she is flooded with at the climax of this intersection gives her a strong link to the Empire, which will come in handy later. Maybe there’re spiderlings in the venom, which adapt the host’s genetic code into their own, like friggin’ aliens, and then burst out of the host when grown… like friggin’ aliens. Perhaps that should be the birth of the first adderclypse? I like the idea of Violet offering both inspiration and genetic code to her mostly indirect progeny, making her more of a literal mother to ‘em. </p><p class="P3">x4. The Architects take notice of her, and their machinations alter slightly — something something something, marsupials. Since this is from Violet’s point of view, we’ll only learn about that after the fact. Anyway, the adderclypse are born and Violet befriends Nymh, the first adderclypse. Maybe the pool of infinite stillness onsen fan art fodder scene happens here? Nah, with Violet’s injuries, that scene doesn’t make a ton of sense anymore. We can always have it happen later with another heroine, or even Violet herself woken from her slumbering role of Mother of Horror/creativity-chaos-emo battery. …Something about looping back around to the hollow house and maybe explaining a bit about what the fuck was licking up sister’s blood. Now then, how to get her back to the hollow house… she wouldn’t to go by choice, but I need her there for a bit to advance the story. Deus Ex Machina time! Maybe after Violet gets the story from Nymh re: her mother of horror status, she asks to meet her other daughters. Nymh responds in the negative, noting that nothing can survive indefinitely in conduits and in particular a wounded lifeform should be returned to its native habitat as soon as possible (Violet’s sexy-time punctures are now the least of her wounds). If time and space are all weird in the conduits, this doesn’t seem too far off. Maybe go back and add something about Violet noticing odd warps in reality in the cavern and/or not feeling quite right with the air etc.</p><p class="P3">5. Once she gets back to the hollow house, be sure to demonstrate the savage sympathy/kindness mechanic here with the big spiders vs. little spiders thing (i.e. she notices the big spiders bullying/eating the little ones, so she fucking intervenes in nature’s ‘grand’ works and smashes the big’ns to viscera for the little ones to roll over). She winds up in trouble, her sister sacrificed and her parents, and whatever they’ve awakened, hunting her. Maybe Violet’s disappearance for a few days accelerated her parents’ timetable? I’m thinking something along the lines of:</p><p class="P3">Mother is genuinely intrigued by Violet’s proclamation that she has learned to dance. For the first time, she sees Violet as more than sacrificial fodder. Mother waits until Violet is well-enough to move about freely, then kills Sister and frames Violet, and then brings an innocent outsider into the equation — a cop or similar. Mother contrives a scenario wherein Violet has to kill this person in kinda-sorta self-defense. This, Violet’s first kill, which Mother is watching, leads Mother to experience motherly love for the first time while simultaneously reveling in obscenity even more potent than usual since she managed to spread its influence. Meanwhile, Violet wants to feel dreadful about killing someone, especially since she has doubts about whether she really had no other choice; instead, she feels nothing. This confluence of strong emotion and emotional vacuum wrapped in strong emotion proves too much for the Flauros that hitched a ride over to earth via Violet, over-charging it; it explodes into new reality, and the Id Beast is born.</p><p class="P3">Whatever the case, this business culminates in a motherfucking kaiju battle between the creature summoned by the parents (totally supposed to be an homage to the Id beast from Forbidden Planet: created/summoned by and fed by worship of man’s base passions, mostly invisible, becomes partially visible when hurt and looks kinda like a balrog) and Nymh in her Horror stage (we can’t not bust out the Adderclypse Horror when introducing the species). /*How does Nymh get there? I’m thinking Violet, confronted by the Id Beast and her mother’s euphoric reaction to it is just like ‘that’s it!’ and covers here ears, closes her eyes, and screams at the world, and it shatters like glass before her, pulling Nymh through to earth.*/ Cops show up, the neighbors are freaking the fuck out, and Violet watches as, after defeating the beast, Nymh slaughters the threatening humans nearby. The cops are still shooting Nymh despite her clear role as protector of Violet, so Violet’s like ‘whatever, man. They made their informed [close enough] decision, and now they’re gonna die for it’ (Maybe Nymh finishes the fight with Beast as Bleeder, and then, while getting shot to pieces, turns to Violet for affirmation — Violet’s like ‘hell yeah, smoke those greasy pigs!’ so Nymh shows off her Horror; this’d make the decision to kill humans Violet’s and also make the Horror reveal a little more dramatic. Also consider something to the effect of Violet identifying all the policemen as a single porcine entity, fixing its beady, mindless eyes on Nymh fearfully). After the dust settles on the field of blood and bone that used to be a quiet neighborhood, it’s time for Nymh and Violet to peace the fuck out back to EoU. Maybe the pool of infinite stillness onsen fan art hook scene happens here (Nymh would wanna wash off all those human gibs)?</p><p class="P3">Alternatively, maybe the Id Beast shouldn’t go down so easily; maybe Nymh should be defeated by it and on the verge of death when screams and reality shatters and the godmaker, riding the motherfucking Architects, big as the whole damn sky from the perspective of the onlookers, and rolls up beside them. He heals Nymh, and takes the rime-wrought star saber to the Beast; it flicks it away to land offscreen somewhere on earth. The godmaker’s like ‘Huh. That’s new. I fuckin’ LOVE this species!’ and then he unravels the Beast’s existence one atom at a time, explaining his findings about its origin and composition as he goes. Maybe he’s burning back threads of causality in a controlled manner? Whatever the case, when the Beast is unmade, the parents’ heads explode for good measure. /*Maybe the godmaker should have some trouble too — a harrowing fast-paced Sans-ish fight where he takes some fair damage, though he still isn’t convinced that it could kill him. Still, he looks somewhat regretfully in the direction the star saber flew. He has to stop time in order to pull himself back together and then solicit a Crawler strand of webbing from the Architects, which he uses to study the Id Beast’s system and identify exploit vectors. He finds several, and decides that one that should cause the creature to collapse into a singularity would be the most dramatic. Similarly, he excitedly instructs the Architects to manipulate the air molecules nearby such that when he snaps his fingers, the next word he speaks will be the only sound anyone is able to hear (all other signals traveling through air molecule collision will be artificially stopped by the Architects’ webbing) such that he can make his “you’re awfully loud - how about some SILENCE” scene happen. The Architects roll their myriad eyes at this, but he knows they’ll comply; anything that can focus their attention and thereby provide a moment’s respite from its mad wanderlust is of worshipful interest to them.*/ After that the godmaker rolls back out, without a word… forgetting the star saber /*we’d need something either limiting his ability to get back to earth or hinting that he let a personal vulnerability get out into a random world on purpose, for some reason; otherwise he just looks like an idiot for losing the saber on earth and never reclaiming it when it can do him permanent harm. UPDATE: see note about Godmaker relevant motivations below*/. Nymh gets up and the overwhelmed cops shoot her, and then we rejoin the thread above. ‘But she would have already tried Horror if she was getting beaten?’ I hear you ask; she would have, if she had the opportunity. Recall, however, that she’s on earth and has none of her magic to work with, which is why she had to switch immediately to Bleeder. Given that, it’s not so hard to imagine that she might have been knocked out before she could transform into Horror, at least against the Beast. There’s plenty of time for all that with mere human policemen and their feeble guns threatening her.</p><p class="P3">6. Violet is rescued by Nymh (or vice versa now that the godmaker is likely to be involved in the id beast fight) and brought before the godmaker in the EoU, who thanks her for her inspiration. He’s a disembodied voice at first, but he can tell his full presence overwhelms the little human, so he takes his familiar grandfatherly form, also inspired by Violet in her role as accidental ambassador for humans to the EoU. He’s a big fan of her depth of feeling and imagination, and he invites her to join him in shaping Colyseum, but she declines. Asked what she desires, Violet asks to be united with her Love forever. The godmaker offers to give her form, but Violet angrily refuses, not wanting Love to be modified in any way. The godmaker smiles sadly, and puts Violet in a state of suspended animation, wherein she may dance in dream with her Love for all time… and her dreams may serve as future inspiration; she is now the Mother of Horror.</p><p class="P3">7. (Parenthetical for the author and future fans of the EoU) Interestingly, Violet’s intersection in earth year 2013 influences the beginnings of Colyseum; intersections at much earlier earth years are subsequent from the perspective of the Empire, and Violet is present there, dreaming as the Mother of Horror (or mother of something… not sure I want to indirectly brand the adderclypse as simply ‘horror’). Evidently the Empire moves in its own time stream where causality works (usually) the same way as it does here on earth, but the actual flow of time is discrete from that of earth. Anyway, Violet’s intersection is why so much of Colyseum looks vaguely humanoid, and also why the godmaker/miss fortune tend to favor earth and humans as creativity and chaos batteries, catalysts etc.</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">*/</p><p class="Text_20_body"> </p><p class="P3_borderStart">/*</p><p class="P3">Godmaker’s motivation re: Violet and specifically ‘losing’ the Star Saber on earth:</p><p class="P3">The Godmaker is logical and all about rationality on the surface, but his not-very-guilty pleasure is chaos. He is a bit of a sadist as well, but mostly he likes storied experiences. In this regard, he envies mortals because, as an effectively immortal being, he has never had to worry about non-existence. He sees all the puzzles and passions that mortality evokes in the mortal, and he wants a piece of that action. To that end, he reasons it might be interesting to drop a weapon, a rime-wrought artifact, somewhere in the cosmos such that, technically, someone or something could possibly harm or even slay him. Realistically he would never let this happen, but the possibility is intoxicating. This is why he ‘loses’ the Star Saber so easily while fighting the Id Beast on earth, and why he doesn’t bother recovering it. This is also partly why he takes an interest in Violet in the first place; he had already been ruminating on the matter of mortality from the perspective of an immortal and then shuffles along the most mortal mortal he’s ever seen, from a race keenly aware of and bothered by/responsive to its mortality. So no, he’s not just interested in Violet because she’s SO EMO, like no one could ever understand her pain, man, but more because she happens to be the first human who came to his attention by meeting the Architects and having a most unusual encounter with them.</p><p class="P3_borderEnd">*/</p><p class="P1"><br/><br/><br/><br/></p></body></html>